Transcript


 Introduction
Welcome to the beginners's complete day trading tutorial for 2025. If you guys are brand new to day trading or if you
guys are just getting into day trading, this video is going to be for you guys because this is going to be my longest, biggest, and honestly just like full
compiled thoughts on how to start day trading in 2025. It's going to give you guys every single thing that you guys
need to know. It's going to take literally hours worth of content that I've produced and given out to you guys
throughout the years of me being online teaching you guys how to day trade and putting it all in one place so that you
guys can get started and understand day trading from A to Z. If you guys don't know me, my name is Tyler. Everybody
online knows me as TJR. And I've been full-time day trading for the past couple years now. And I've been able to
change my life completely. Literally did a full 180 of my own life thanks to day trading. And I've helped others do the
same. literally thousands of other people through free content such as this video that you guys are watching right now or through personal mentorship. But
that's besides the point. In this guide, I'm going to be breaking down literally everything when it comes to mindset, risk management, strategy, understanding
confluences, understanding where price wants to go at certain times, understanding why the chart is moving at
certain times, understanding where price wants to go. All of these things that are going to help you guys make money from the markets. And all of this stuff
took me countless hours of trial and error. And it kind of led to this one big culmination of all of these videos
that I've put out online. Every single video that I put out online is to help you guys become a better day trader.
Whether it's mistakes that I've made in the past, whether it's videos that I wish I had as an unprofitable trader back when I was starting. And the goal
with this video is to put it all in one place so that you guys can just have this fast track to profitability so that
you guys don't have to look anywhere else when it comes to finding any sort of day trading education. This is essentially just going to be your guys's
free course, free guide to becoming a profitable day trader in 2025. And that's exactly why the majority of
traders fail. You guys always hear the statistic of day trading is too hard. Day trading doesn't work. And that's not
the case. It's the majority of day traders actually end up giving up. They don't end up failing. Failing comes with
any new skill. Every time I attempted to take my first trade or a couple first trades, I sucked at it. Just like any
other skill, if you try and pick up a basketball for the first time, you're going to suck. Every skill takes trial
and error just like day trading does. And that's where a lot of people get caught up. They think that they're going to get rich tomorrow. They think that
they're going to get rich within the next month. But that's not the case. And something that sucks with day trading
and honestly all these other side hustles within the online money space is that it's very difficult to find all the
right information and compile it into one single video or just put it into a playlist for you guys to be able to
learn what you guys are supposed to and tune out all the noise and all the BS that's online because there's a lot of it that's circulating the web and you
guys can get super confused. You guys can mix up strategies. You guys can mix up confluences and in turn it takes you
guys a lot longer to be able to turn profitable. So, the goal with this video is to put everything, all the good
information in one video that you guys can just press play and watch it start to finish and have all the education
necessary for you guys to turn profitable. And that is my goal with this video, just putting everything in
one place for you guys. I'm so excited for this video because it's going to be an absolute banger. I'm taking every
little piece of knowledge that I've dropped throughout the years of me being on YouTube and just putting it in one
place. And it's literally just going to be a full a toz guide on how you guys can crush day trading going into 2025.
 What To Keep In Mind?
So, before we get into these first couple videos that we are going to compile for you guys to help understand what day trading really is, I need to
readjust what your guys' headsp space is when you guys are going into learning how to day trade. Because a lot of people kind of misconrue what they think
day trading is. They think that they're going to jump right into it and they're just instantly going to make money. That is not the case. Just like how I was
explaining before, day trading is a skill. Just like anything else, you guys are going to suck at it at first and you
guys are going to be really horrible at it at first. But that's okay. As long as we are making these mistakes and then
learning from them, never making those mistakes again. That's how we're going to grow. So, I don't want you guys to come into this just thinking, "Holy
[ __ ] this is going to turn me profitable today once I grind through however long this is going to be, like
15 hours or 20 hours worth of content." But you guys need to keep in mind that all of the education within here is
going to help you guys stay on the right path towards profitability. And the problem with a lot of these other day
trading gurus online or with all these other day trading videos online is they're saying like, "Hey, this one
strategy will turn you profitable in 5 minutes." And then you guys go and watch that video and then you're like, "Okay, cool. Let me go apply this." And then
you guys lose your first [ __ ] 10 trades and you're like, "God damn it. Why didn't I turn profitable in 5
minutes like the video said I was going to?" So, I need to reshift you guys' headsp space and help you guys understand what day trading really is,
how we can actually get good at the skill and put you guys in the correct headsp space when you guys are going into this education. So, first of all,
what is the goal with trading? It's not to make money. Every single one of you guys probably thinking, "Oh, day
trading is to make money." No, day trading is about finding and being able to get into the marketplace and
accurately predict with a high probability on a daily basis where price wants to go. So again, let's repeat
that. What is day trading? Day trading is getting into the markets on a daily basis and being able to accurately
predict with a high probability where price wants to go. And the awesome side effect of that is making money. Now, if
that's our main goal, there's two sides of this. Goal one, make money with trading. That is going to lead you guys
to take actions to get results that you guys are not going to like, which is losing a whole bunch of money. Because
if you guys get into the market every single day and just think, how can I make money? You're going to be placing trade after trade after trade after
trade and you guys are going to end up losing money. versus if you guys go into the markets with the headsp space of how
can I predict where price wants to go using the confluences and using the strategy and using the headsp space and using the risk management that I'm going
to teach you guys in this video then that changes the game a little bit where instead of us thinking I want to make
money right now you are thinking how can I predict with a high probability where price wants to go today it's going to
help you guys avoid taking trades that you guys shouldn't be taking and it's also going to encourage you guys to be taking trades that you guys should be
taking and then in turn what is that going to lead us to the awesome side effect of being able to predict price
action which is money. It's just like any other skill. But with trading, there's a super strong correlation with
money where it's like you are risking money on this trade and you are either going to make money or lose money. We need to detach ourselves from that and
instead be thinking when we get into the markets, we are not trying to make money. We are just trying to predict
where price wants to go. And by thinking like that, it's going to help us stay away from taking trades that we
shouldn't be taking and it's going to encourage us to take trades that we should be taking. And on top of that, it's going to help us get over these
speed bumps that we are going to face. Again, like I was saying, this isn't going to be help you guys get rich quick
in one day or one week or one month. This is going to be a long time in order to grow and build this skill of day
trading. And hopefully you guys can understand that. I'm not going to get on here and BS you guys and say that you guys are going to be able to get rich
right after this video. That's not the case, okay? I'm going to keep it real with you guys. You guys are going to have to digest all this content and then
from there apply it, make mistakes, learn from those mistakes and that's how you guys are going to grow as a trader
and that's how you guys are going to be able to accurately predict price action with higher probability instead of just
thinking I want to make money today. There's no room for growth in that because it's either make money or lose
money. So if you're just getting into the market saying I want to make money or getting into trading saying I want to
make money, you're in it for the wrong reasons because what is the core of day trading? It's predicting where price
wants to go. Like I was saying before, that's going to help us avoid a lot of these early beginner mistakes that a lot of you guys are going to face. So, in
order to get good at trading, we need to instantly shift that in our head. And that's what I'm going to cover in all of
these videos that we're just going to dump you guys straight into to be able to shift your guys' headsp space from I
want to make money with trading and instead get into how can I predict price action consistently on a daily basis
with a high probability. And then the side effect of that is money. It's just like any other skill. If I want to make
a lot of money as a basketball player, what do I have to be good at? I have to be good at putting the ball in the hoop. I have to be good at dribbling. I have
to be good at passing. If you want to make money as a basketball player, you don't think, "How can I make more money
playing basketball?" You think, "How can I get better at basketball?" And then in turn, what's the side effect of that?
You make more money. So, it's the same thing with trading. So, we need to detach ourselves from thinking trading is about making money. No, trading is
about getting good at trading. Okay? And in turn, just like any other skill, once you get good at a skill, there's a high
and awesome reward at the end of the [ __ ] rainbow. Okay? And hopefully this video is going to help you guys get
to where you guys want to go. So, keep that in mind when we go into all of these videos. This is what your guys' headspace should be when you guys are
getting into these first initial videos that I'm going to dump on you guys. So, with that being said, let's jump right into it. This is kind of going to be
 Lesson 1: How To Learn To Trade
like a primer to help you guys get your mind right and help you guys understand what it takes to become a profitable
trader before we can even get into any sort of education because a lot of you guys are going to come into this
thinking education is what I need. I I just need to learn more. I need to learn the strategy. I need to learn this. I
need to learn that. And it's not the case. Strategy is is honestly like far from the determining factor of you guys
being profitable or not. And the real determining factor is going to be time
and consistency in the way that you act, in the way that you operate. So what I
kind of like to talk about is um skills. We can treat trading as a skill where I
love using this analogy. If you tell a basketball player or sit sit someone
who's never played basketball down uh before and tell them, you know, every single day for a month long, they have
to watch an hourong video of basketball training videos. So, they don't get a basketball, they just have to sit down
and they just watch these training videos going over the basics, dribbling a ball, shooting a ball, and you know,
between the legs, behind the back, layup, jump shot, three-pointer, whatever, right? And then at the end of
that month, you give them a ball and you have them play basketball, right? They're going to be at a certain level
after watching those videos. And then on the contrary, if you give just another
person who's never played basketball in their entire life, give them a ball and say, "Look, you know, you have an entire
month and you have a single hour every single day and you just have to figure this out. Figure it out." You know,
they've never played basketball. They don't know how it works, but they have to figure it out. all they know is the rules and you know what they're supposed
to do. Odds are the person that has the basketball and is able to practice and
and just learn from mistakes over and over again is going to be a in a lot better position than the person who just
sat on their ass watching basketball skill videos.
Which now leads me to how this correlates to trading. It's the same thing. It's the same thing as a skill
where if we sit down a trader and we say, "Hey, look, watch this monthlong,
watch this month-long series or, you know, this literally year-long series of me um teaching you guys how to trade
concepts on trading. And if you guys don't apply it, if you guys don't practice it, you guys won't get
anywhere. If you guys just watch it and like think that you're learning stuff by watching it and then like the next day
you just like boom try and apply it and instantly expect success, you're not going to be successful. Versus if you
guys were to just sit your ass down, sit in front of the chart and practice and drill. You know, maybe you guys don't
even nec like again let's apply this to trading. Let's say we sit someone down and say, "Hey, just watch again for a
month. You have an hour each day and you guys are going to watch trading videos and then you know boom, see how they see
how they act in the market and then we have another person who's never done trading in their entire life and the
person just sits them down and says figure it out. You have an hour each day for a month long. I guarantee you
without a doubt in my mind that the person who who has to actually be trading live trading is going to be a
better trader because they're going to start seeing patterns, repetitions within the market, they're going to fail and they are going to learn from it. So
what happens when we can combine the two? What happens when we can watch videos that are helpful that teach us
skills that can hopefully get us over some of those beginner mistakes, some of those beginner failures that we have?
And then along with drilling it and learning we are going to be a great
trader. Similarly with the basketball analogy if we give them the opportunity to sit down during that month and watch
an hourong of tutorial v videos on beginner videos of people playing
basketball and then right after that they get an hour to practice it and to drill it. They are going to be a lot
better than those two people who only had one of each. And it's the same thing with trading. Okay? Okay. So, if I teach
you guys a a strategy or if I teach you guys concepts or if I teach you guys or
if I give you guys a lesson, it's not as simple as just sitting down and digesting the YouTube video and writing
notes on it because that's just step one. Step two is actually taking action and practicing it and repeating it. And
I feel like that's what that's this hole that people get sucked into is this YouTube
just black hole of information where they sit down and they watch every single two billion ICT videos and they
never end up applying it. And the only time that they try and apply it is when market opens and they only get like one
shot because they hear TJR or they hear ICT say, "Hey, only take one to two trades, one to two trades a day." And
then it's like, wow. So, we're consuming way more than we're practicing. And that's the biggest issue. We need to be
practicing almost equally with consuming. And then we get to the point
where we've consumed everything that we need possible because same thing with same thing with trading and basketball.
Okay? If we think about basketball, the best basketball players in the world, the skills that they have, they're just
really good at the basics. We think, you know, what makes Stephen Curry one of
the best players in the world? He's just really insanely good at shooting the basketball. If if we compare Stephen
Curry to one of the Globe Trotters, the Globe Trotters are arguably
have better, more crazy skills, but they're not as good at shooting as
Stephen Curry. It's the same thing. I've heard this analogy before, as being
healthy. If you want to get healthy, stop trying to look in the 1%s and look at the 99%. If you want to get healthy,
that special running shoe isn't going to make you healthier. That little Whoop bracelet on your wrist that tracks your
heart rate, that tra that tracks everything isn't going to make you healthier. What's going to make you healthier? Four things: sleep, working
out, hydration, and eating healthy. Those four things.
If you do those four things really, really well, you're going to be one of the healthiest people ever. And it's the
same exact thing with trading. So, if you guys can just understand the basics,
which is what I'm going to be teaching you guys here, and honestly, like throughout all of this, I'm going to be
teaching you guys everything. But it's going to get to the point where you guys, again, like I was saying in the
first video, where you guys can kind of pull away and be like, "Look, I think I have everything possible. I think I have
everything that I need where you guys have to step away and then just practice
and practice and practice and fail over and over and over and over again. Another analogy that I like to use is a
construction worker, a really bad construction worker versus a really good construction worker. If we give the
really bad construction worker a toolbox and blueprints and all the tools
necessary to build a house and it's their first time building a house ever in their entire life, they're going to
build a really shitty house. Versus if you give a really good construction worker who's built who's built millions
of houses before that same toolbox those same tools and the same blueprint, they're going to build that house much
better than that construction than that shitty construction worker. And the only difference is repetition. So if we think
about that shitty construction worker, that first house that they build, it's going to be really bad and they're
going to be like, "Man, that was horrible. There's a bunch of things that I can work on and I can identify the things that I can work on. Maybe I sit
down and I watch the really good construction worker and see, okay, what did he do here? What did he do here? Okay, got it. Got it. Got it. Boom.
Build a second house. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. It's a little bit better than the first house, but it still sucks. And then he builds five houses
and they're all and they continuously get better than that first house house that he built. And then he builds a
thousand houses and there and that thousandth house is going to be so much better than the first house that he
built. And then the 10,000th house is going to be so much better than that thousandth h house that he's built. So
it's not the tools that are the issue. It's not the concepts in trading that's the issue. It's not the strategy in
trading that's the issue. It's the repetition and it's the practice that's the issue. It's the time
that's the issue. You guys are lacking time and you guys are lacking repetition
within the market and that's your biggest issue. That's it. This video is going to be
rather short because I need you guys to understand this concept because I'm going to continue trying to pro provide value because right now I'm a good
construction worker and you guys are bad construction workers, right? You guys are unprofitable. If you guys are
watching this, you guys have never traded before. You guys are on your first house. I'm going to lay out tools
for you guys. I'm going to give you guys your toolbox and then I'm going to give you guys your blueprint through
strategy, through confluence. But I can only give you guys those pieces. I can't
force you guys to build your houses. You guys have to take it upon yourself to build your houses. You guys have to take
it upon yourself day in and day out depending on how much time you guys have within every single day and how how how
bad you guys want it to see how many houses you guys can build. So let's say
again we take the super we take two people who have never built a house in their entire life and we give them the
same toolbox and the same blueprint and the same tools necessary to build a house. And the first bad construction
worker builds one house every single day. Will he eventually get to that good
construction worker spot. Will he eventually get there? Yes. Okay. His timeline is going to be however long.
Let's say let's say for him to be a good construction worker, it's going to take 10 years for him to be able to perfectly
make houses over and over and over again. And there's always going to be room for improvement for him. Now, let's say we have that second construction
worker and we give him the same tools, the same toolbox, the same blueprint, the same materials, but he makes five
houses a day. He is going to have way more time building houses. He's going to
have way more repetitions. He's going to have way more experience. He's going to have way more mistakes than the person
who just builds one house a day. So, by the time that 5-year period is up, the
person who built five houses a day compared to the person that built one house a day is going to be so much
better. But again, with trading, this is why it's difficult with building a house. Are they leaving any of their
tools out? Are they go straying from the blueprint? No. If they stray from the blueprint, they'll never be good at
building houses. If I or if we go back to that construction worker example, if we take a shitty, let's add a third one
to the mix. That third construction worker, he has the same tools, he has the same blueprints, he has the same
materials as those other two guys, and he makes 10 houses a day, but he leaves
out pieces of the blueprints every single time he builds a house. Every single time he builds a house, he builds
it differently in the wrong way, and he doesn't apply and doesn't use all the tools necessary. By the end of that five
fiveyear period, that guy will will be in a worse position than the person who
built one house every single day for 5 years consistently doing it the right
way. He will also be so much farther behind the person who built five houses a day correctly for 5 years straight.
So, how can we apply this to trading? A lot of you guys who literally know everything necessary
in order to turn profitable are not profitable. And why is that the case?
Because you're not doing what you're supposed to. You're not following the blueprint. You're not following your trading plan. You're not following your
strategy. You're acting on emotion. You're you're trading not based on confluences. You're not trading the same
every single day. You're switching your strategy every single day. It's the same thing. Imagine if we throw another construction worker into the mix. We
have four construction workers now. But the fourth construction worker, we give him different tools and different
blueprints every single month. That's what you guys are doing with your trading strategy. You guys are
implementing a new strategy every single month and you're pretty much putting yourselves back to square one. that person if he gets a new blueprint and
new toolboxes and new materials every single month, he will be nowhere near again
where that person who did five houses the perfect the right way, consistently for 5 years. He won't be near them. He
won't be near the person who built one house consistently, correctly for 5 years straight. And he'll probably be on
that equal level of the person who skipped out on on on steps in the blueprint and somebody who who didn't
use the tools necessary. So, we have to understand how we're acting within the market. We have to act with discipline
and we have to act with consistency. And those are probably two of the biggest lessons and two of the hardest things to
learn within trading. So, before I wanted to get into any sort of tools or
strategy or concepts, I need you guys to circle back to this video every time you guys feel yourself
straying away. Because as you guys start straying away, you guys are giving your guys you guys
are literally starting new. You guys are setting yourselves back to square one by watching a new strategy, by implementing
a new thing that you guys saw on YouTube versus if you guys take just what you guys know will turn you profitable, the
basics, just like how Steph Curry is the best shooter in the world. Why? Because he shot over and over and over and over
and over again. And he's really good at that one simple thing. He's also really good at other simple things. He's really
good at dribbling the ball. Is Steph Curry one of the best basketball players in the world because he's good at a
triple behind the back spin move reverse layup? No. So advanced. He doesn't need
that. He needs the basics. It's the basics that make you good. So that's my issue with a lot of these traders out
here because they keep throwing different strategies at you guys and that's not what I want to do. What I want to do with it with this is not even
necessarily give you guys a strategy. is just to lay out the tools and the blueprint and the materials necessary
for you guys to learn how to build a house on your own, to learn how to become a profitable day trader on your
own. Because again, similarly with those
construction workers, with those NBA players, Stephen Curry is really good at shooting the ball. Kyrie Irving is
really good at dribbling. They're both really great players in the NBA, but
their skills are on two different basic things. It's the same thing in trading. If you guys suck at a concept, you know,
maybe you guys can take time out of your day to drill it, to get better at it, just like a basketball player who's bad
at dribbling, but really good at shooting. Okay, but what would they want to do
while they are still bad at that skill? They're going to want to utilize their good skills.
So for me, if I'm really good at executing on a single concept, why should I come through and try and add a
new concept and add a new thing, add a new tool, add a new material that I've
never used before, that I don't understand completely, that I'm really bad at, and try and build a house with
it, try and make it a part of my game, try and make it a part of my strategy. It doesn't make any sense. You have to
utilize what you're good at. And that's what trading is. I'm going to give you guys concepts and I'm going to give you
guys tools in order to become a profitable trader, but you guys are going to be good or better at certain
tools than everybody else. Okay? There are some things that are going to click in your head that make sense to you. You
have to use what makes sense to you because if it doesn't make sense to you and if it doesn't work for you, don't use it at all because it's not helping
you. And maybe you do want to get good at it because you know it's a fundamental and you know it's necessary to be a really good trader. Just like
understanding what a candlestick is, like the open and the close. That's a really basic thing. If we can understand
that, we have to understand that to be good at trading. And maybe it takes longer for you to understand that. So,
what are you going to do? You're going to drill it in silence. And I know I was just talking about that with a beginner concept, but we need to think about that
with our strategy and with how we take trades. Because if I introduce order
blocks and it really makes sense to your friend Jeremy, but it makes no sense to you and Jeremy's hitting a thousand
winning trades on it every single day, day in and day out, and you're like, I want to be like Jeremy or I want to be
like TJR who's trading this certain way, but you don't understand how it works or
it doesn't make sense to you, you won't be a good trader. And instead, if you're
really good at entering off of fair value gaps or spotting a liquidity sweep and that's what works for you, it
wouldn't make sense for you guys to try and only enter off of order blocks if you guys know liquidity is your forte.
You guys have to do what's best for you and what makes sense for you and what you're best at. And then if you want to
add something new to the mix, don't add it in live trading scenarios. Add it in
back testing. add it in private until you get so good at it where it's literally so overwhelmingly obvious that
you need to add it to your to your arsenal to your toolbox and then you'll have another tool that you're really
good with and then that's what will make you a good trader. So, I'm going to end this video here and hopefully that
changed your perspective on trading and maybe you know you you guys are a five-year long trader and this is was
the missing piece for you and you guys can be done off of this because a lot of
you guys so many of you guys you guys have already gone through my boot camp. You guys have already you guys already
understand the fundamentals of trading and I'm going to start with the fundamentals. I'm going to start explaining candlesticks. A lot of you
guys already understand that. A lot of you guys are pros with that already. A lot of you guys really understand strategy. You guys understand you guys
literally have the tool. You guys already have the toolbox, the tools, the materials and the blueprints in front of
you and you guys just haven't been practicing. You guys have just been
watching. You guys have just been consuming. Or you guys have been consuming and not practicing enough. Or
in some people's case where you guys are full-on beginners, you guys haven't consumed at all. And you guys haven't
practiced at all. by putting you guys your you guys' head in the right spot, by understanding that trading is a skill
and teaching you guys how skills are made. It's by consistently doing the same thing over and over and over again
until you get really good at it. So, with that knowledge, I will see you guys in the next video where we can start
adding tools to our toolbox. A lot of times you guys just have problem solving issues. Ever thought of that? You guys
 Lesson 2: How To Be Good At Trading
need to work on your problem solving skills. And for whatever reason, I've gotten really good at problem solving. I
had this seventh grade teacher in computer science and we had a problem-solving checklist and it was
pretty much so he didn't have to answer dumbass questions. What the checklist was was like literally just go down all
of this checklist before you even ask him a question. It's like check all plugs and connections. Check if the
Wi-Fi is good. Restart it. Do this. Turn the power off. Turn the power back on. Unplug it. Plug it back in. And then
like it was just this this like sevenstep list that was a problem-solving list. And more often
than not, you would go through that list and you would never have to ask him a question ever. Obviously, there's more
problems to solve than just like, oh, the computer's not working in like computer science class in seventh grade,
but it's pretty similar where it's like if you guys can really work on your problem solving skills, then you'll be
able to solve problems. Um, but anyways, my mastermind student asked me a question. Said, "Hey, what are good
psychology books?" And I said, "This is a good psychology book. I wrote it myself and I opened up a text box and
wrote it down." And it goes like this. Learn a strategy. Perfect. I'm going to
teach you a strategy. Don't ever change it. Don't change it. Don't change it.
I'm going to strangle you if you change it. Go back to the construction worker example. Literally, I don't know how
many times I'm going to have to yell at you for you guys not to change it because you guys are going to change it
every other day because you're like, "Training's not working." Yeah, cuz you [ __ ] just learned it.
Understand that good things take time. You're not going to get rich quick from this ever, ever in your entire life. And
if you think that's how it is, guess what? You're going to die unhappy because your life's going to suck dick.
Okay? Good things take time. Learn a strategy.
Don't [ __ ] change it. Do it forever.
Trade it forever until you get good at it.
Manage your risk. Meaning, you know, make it so you can live to
trade another day. Don't be a dumbass. That can be applied to all of you.
Don't overtrade. Don't overlever.
Probably one of the biggest ones here, circling back to never changing your
strategy. Don't have multiple mentors. I was in my mastermind class again today explaining
order blocks, how I mark them out, how I trade order blocks, how order blocks work for me. These people, they pay me a
certain amount of money to teach them how I trade. And somebody goes in there,
TJR, this guy on YouTube, Mark, I'm Who?
Is he me? No. You literally paid me money to teach you how I trade and
you're saying this person I don't give a [ __ ]
I don't give a [ __ ] Because guess what? The second you say,
"Well, the you're [ __ ] you screwed up, bro. You're already changing [ __ ]
Make it as simple as possible." Have one single mentor. If your mentor is a good
trader and knows how to trade and has a good strategy that works for them, that makes them profitable,
guess what? If you use that strategy, if it makes sense for you, if it works for you, and you continue to trade at it,
and you get good at it, then it'll work for you, too.
It's awesome how that [ __ ] works. But the second you guys start over complicating it, say, "Well, TJ,
well, TJR trades marks out order blocks. You guys are so annoying. You guys over complicate trading for no reason, bro.
for no reason at all. You guys are just overthinkers and underdoers. Wow, that was a [ __ ] awesome quote.
You guys are overthinkers and underdoers. You guys think way too [ __ ] much and don't do [ __ ] ever in
your entire life, bro. So, stop saying like
TJR, you mark out order block like this, but this one guy on Twitter who has 1,000 followers said he does it like
this and it works for him. Then, then guess what? if it works for him and you want to trade like him, bet. Go do it with him.
But the second you start [ __ ] flipping [ __ ] the second you start marking out order blocks like that
person does and then you're trying to use my strategy where I mark out mark out order order blocks differently and
oh wait, now you're trying to pull in support and resistance, throw that [ __ ] into TJR's strategy and I don't even use
that [ __ ] either. And then you say, "Oh no, I'm going to throw on some Ballinger bands." Next thing you know, you don't
have a strategy that [ __ ] works. Stop having multiple mentors. Have one single mentor. Have one single person that you
learn trading from. Whether that's me, whether that's anybody, I don't I don't care. Choose one singular person and
learn from them. It's going to confuse you guys way too much. It's going to cause you guys to hip hop from
strategies. It's going to cause you guys to get information overload and start thinking, "Oh, well, price price came
down, bounced off a support, but wait, TJR said this is a fair value gap, but wait, ICT said this is a PD array, but
wait, there's a like, shut up, bro. Like, shut up.
Your brain is going [ __ ] berserk. tell it to shut up
because if you look at how I present trading, I literally it's like a stepbystep
playbook. It's like this happens, then this happens, then this happens, and you
press buy or sell, and you take your hands, you shove them into your ass, and
you don't do anything until stop-loss or take profits get hit.
And oh, would you look at that? The next chapter in TJR's trading psychology book
is don't overthink. I didn't even read that far. Don't
overthink. You guys sit down. This is what you guys do, bro.
And for all beginners watching this, remember this video because this is going to be you guys when I start
introducing concepts. Don't do what I'm about to do and it will benefit you so
much. Well, on the weekly time frame, we got a breaker structure. Oh, wait. Um, okay. So, this is an order block right
here. And then we tapped into this. But then if we go into the daily, we're in an
uptrend right here. And then there's a fair value gap right
here. So, we're bullish right here, but bearish right here. And then the
equilibrium, it came in here. And then, and then we had a higher high, higher
low, but then we broke structure right here. So, I thought we should have gone down, and then we broke structure again,
and then we actually went down, but then we we liquidity sweeped and then broke structure again. And then we're
ready. This is what I want you guys to do.
Just like if you guys could do me a favor, if you guys are actually passionate about trading and and if you
guys want to learn from me, if my concepts make sense to you, if the way that I trade makes sense to
you, if you guys just like me as a mentor because I can teach [ __ ] [ __ ] simply to you guys,
stop overthinking and just forget everything that you've
ever ever ever ever, ever, ever in your entire life learned about trading? And you know what's crazy? I went into the
mastermind the very first lesson. I was like, yo, literally take everything that
you've learned from trading besides the basics like what a candlestick is and what an uptrend is and what a high or
what a low is and throw it out the window. And it's crazy because we when we were
talking about [ __ ] that you would think is like a basic ass thing
like literally what a high and low is these pe like that guys my mastermind's
hardest subject to understand was how to identify highs and lows in
the market, bro.
And I And this is as simp and this is as simple as I put it. I'll give I I'm
going to teach you guys the same exact way that I taught them. Not like this is just a a shortened version of it because
for them it took a full hour to get this.
A high is a two candlestick pattern. A move up, then a move down. A green
candle, then a red candle. A low is a two candlestick pattern. A move down
then a move up. A red candle then a green candle. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it.
You would think that it would have ended there.
There were questions for about 30 minutes.
Let me try and find the example that somebody used. This is This was it.
Again, I I know if you're new here, if you're just getting into trading, trust
me, this will be beneficial for you. I know you don't quite understand what I'm talking about right now, but like trust me, we have to just throw out the
garbage. We have to stop overthinking because if we can stop overthinking and just take it for what the information is
and stop thinking this is some [ __ ] hard ass impossible weird that you have
to just wrap your brain around like it turns out it's pretty easy.
This is what they said. I remember what did I say? A high consists of a move up
and a move down. It's a two candlestick pattern. Two candles. What do the two candles have to be? Green then red for a
high.
The guy said, "Well, what about this? Is this the high right here?
Why isn't this the high? Do you see a a a down candle following
it? It literally took like 10 plus minutes to explain
that this is the high. And the awesome thing is is like if he was able if if we
were able to like identify that money would have been made on this day.
I made money on this day. It's [ __ ] like that where it's like you
guys are just over complicating this for no reason. For no reason at all. Stop over
complicating it. The last line on the book, I know I just deleted it or it
might be still be on here. I think I deleted it. But the last chapter in the
book was just execute.
My psychology can be broken down like this. Do what you're supposed to do and
don't do what you're supposed what you're not supposed to do. Again, it's literally as easy as that.
What are you not supposed to do in trading? You're not supposed to overtrade. You're
not supposed to overlever. And if you're doing either of those, you have an issue
bigger than trading. You just have a life issue in general.
That means that if you tried to stop any of your bad habits right now in life, you wouldn't be able to. Which means you
have no hope in trading whatsoever. Ever in your entire life.
Like ever. If you can't if if it's so if it's literally that
hard for you where if you truly want to become a full-time day trader, it should
be so easy to just be like don't
overtrade, don't overleverage and execute on the strategy and just let
time do its thing and you will get good. It literally could be I could end the
trading transformation here and you guys could use grab a strategy from the
internet and get going, get started with it. The problem is some of you guys just
must not want this [ __ ] enough because if you wanted it it enough, you would
know exactly what you're supposed to do and you would do it and you would know exactly what you're not supposed to do and you wouldn't do it.
So then it comes to an issue of like what are you even doing this for? Are
you doing this just like are you doing this because you it's you put in your head that trading is a get-rich quick
scheme because trading is not a get-rich quick scheme. Anybody that says it is
is a [ __ ] idiot. Because get-richqu schemes, there's no
such thing as a get-richqu scheme unless somebody comes to you, which I'm
not doing, and says, "This will change.
You can make like $100,000 from this in
a month." And you believing it and then you trying
to do it and lose all your money doing it. That's what a get-richqu scheme is.
I'm telling you guys right now that trading is a skill
and it's not a get-richqu type of thing. And I told you before it's going to take
a long time to get good at this skill. So if you truly want it bad enough, you
will literally start today doing the [ __ ] that you are supposed to and stop
doing the [ __ ] that you're not supposed to. And it re it like it really shouldn't
take more than that for like it shouldn't take more from me
than that because if if you're unable to do that, you don't want to be a trader.
Like simple as that. Or you don't want it bad enough
cuz if you wanted it bad enough, you would have been doing the [ __ ] that you were supposed to do and you wouldn't be
doing the [ __ ] that you're not supposed to. It's as simple as that. And some people genuinely just don't want it bad
enough. So, I'm glad that I made this video today. This can be kind of like our filter of who wants to be good at
trading. And the question that I'll leave you guys with this with this video, hold on,
Chug Jug.
The question that I want to leave you guys with is why do you want to trade? Do you want to trade for the money that
you see on the internet that comes from trading? Or do you want to trade because
you genuinely enjoy being able to come into the markets day in and day out
and predict where where price wants to go. If you said the first answer,
thank you for coming to my trading transformation. Take everything that you applied and apply it to another business
that you genuinely enjoy. And I just saved you thousands of dollars on courses, on live accounts, on funded
accounts, on Discords, which you guys shouldn't be joining anyway,
on signals, which are useless. I saved you a bunch of money. You're
welcome. Because if you sit down on the chart and
if you look at the chart in the morning and think I cannot wait to make money
today, you are doing something wrong. Versus if you come into trading and you
sit down and you're genuinely excited because you cannot wait to be able to
predict where price wants to go or you just love being able to be I'm like look
bro I'm a [ __ ] narcissist. I'm I'm a hotthead. I'm stubborn. I love
being right. And you know what the best thing is?
Being right in a market where everybody else is wrong. And that's why I love trading.
Literally today or the other day, I talked about this Bitcoin chart.
Everybody on crypto in crypto Twitter was bearish within this area. I think it's going to go lower. 30K. 30K. I
said, "No, I expect dick-sized candles within the next one to three weeks."
Said that at that green line. Boom.
That is what makes me happy. And my bank account, my crypto wallet
is just part of that because you guys can only imagine the
money that I made from that move. But that's not what makes me happy. Again,
it's not I love being right.
I love it. It's the best feeling in the world to me. [ __ ] love being right
and I love helping people. Let that kind of sit with you for a bit before you
guys go on to actually start learning concepts. Because if you start learning concepts and you're like, "This is
boring. I don't like this. This is lame." Choose a different business.
The best business that you can be in is a business that you can work on forever. And and what can you work on forever?
Something that you love. Because work won't feel like work. It'll feel like fun.
When I was learning trading and when I am trading, I'm genuinely having fun. When I'm making these YouTube videos
teaching you guys, I'm genuinely having fun. I'm enjoying myself. It's awesome.
I love it. And And I can work I can do this forever. I can literally I It's crazy,
bro. I can do this [ __ ] forever. Forever, bro. I love it. It's awesome.
Like, that's what you guys don't understand. I love this. I love this. I love teaching. I love
teaching people about this. It's like two passions in one. It's awesome. I'm I
got a Kimbo passions, bro. And some of you guys, trading is just
not your passion. And just get lost, bro. You're welcome. I saved you a bunch of money. And I swear I swear some fe
some people are going to get through this and be like, "He doesn't know what he's talking about. I got to make a million dollars. And then like months
from now, you guys are going to be thinking back to this video and being like, damn, I should have listened to to that one dude, TJR Trades.
Because the only way you're going to be really good at something and make a ton of money from something is if you love
doing it, bro. Swear. That's the only That's the only way. The only way that you're going to make ridiculous amounts
of money. Money that you can't even imagine. money. Money where it's just like everywhere
is not by pursuing money itself. It's by pursuing your passion. Because how do
you make money? You work. And if you love your work,
you'll be able to work forever and you'll be able to make insane amounts of money. So sit with that. Drop in the
comments if you guys genuinely like are like me and you just love being right.
Love being able to predict where price wants to go day in and day out. If that's you, awesome. We're nerds. We're
nerds together, bro. Love it. If that's not you, dip out. No hard feelings. I'm
glad that I could help you. Akimbo Passions. Anyways, I appreciate you guys. I'll catch you guys in the next
one. Peace out. I wish there was like a way for us to touch lips after these.
sucks. Focus. Okay. So, what I want to talk to you guys about today, I want to talk about how trading can be really
 Lesson 3: Trading Mindset Shift
easy if you just simplify it. And I know I talked about that a little bit in the videos at the very beginning of this
whole thing, but I'm just going to continuously hammer home
the mindset that you have to be in when you get into trading and the things that you have to be doing when you're getting
into trading and the things that you should not be doing. Okay? Because again, successful people, it's not
necessarily what they do that makes them successful. It's what they don't do that makes them successful. Because I've even
seen it within my mastermind where I grilled them for like the first week, everything, psychology, just rewire
their brain and they were like, "Boom, we got it." And I was super hyped. I was like, "Awesome. Y'all are going to kill
it." And then I start laying out the tools. I say like look here's
candlesticks you know like or they already know candlesticks but you know like here's break of structure here's
liquidity here's fair value gaps here's order blocks and after all that I start
seeing in the chat and it's like they're doing everything that they're not supposed to be doing they're taking too
many trades a day they're over risking they're over lever like they're just [ __ ] up and I'm just sitting there
Like, bro, what did we even talk about for the
first week then? It's almost like I need to do a psychology mastermind where it's just like a full month where if you like
already know a strategy that works for you, like let me just grill you for a full month until you get that [ __ ]
through your head. This is how easy trading can be. Don't overthink. Don't over complicate.
and let's lay out what we shouldn't be doing and what we should be doing.
Okay. So, I'm kind of going to put you guys onto
the charts here and we're just going to make a little text box.
Okay. Talk this one out. Let's see. Bet.
So, we're going to make a little box talking about what we should not be doing.
Okay. And this is going to apply to life. And this is going to apply to trading. And if you can't apply it to your life, you'll never be able to apply
it to trading because that's just how this [ __ ] works. If you're undisiplined in one area, you're going to be
undisiplined in every other area. So just how life works. If you fold in one area, you're going to like you're going
to fold all over again. Okay? So I want you guys to kind of do this along with
me or write this down with me. I'll give you guys time to pull out your notebooks, pull out a pen and paper. And
you guys should be doing this honestly like every single day until you get it through your head and until your subconscious is like just knows exactly
what to do. Literally just write this [ __ ] out every single day. Okay, so number one, even though we
haven't got there yet, or first of all, let's just talk about what this is.
Whoa.
It's your trading mindset shift. Can't type at all today. This is going to be
your trading mindset shift. Okay. And what we have to know and what
we have to understand about changing how we trade is we have to do
pretty much everything that you guys are not. We have to stop doing everything that you guys are currently doing right
now. Okay. So, if we think about it, what are you guys currently doing right now that's causing UDIS to be
unsuccessful within the market? Let's just write out what unprofitable traders do in the first place. We'll set this to
the side. Unprofitable
mindset. Okay. So, let's start off on this one.
several strategies. A lot of you guys, Oops. A lot of you
guys are trading, multiple different strategies every sing
every single day. You'll take one trade with TJR's strategy. The next trade, you'll watch a YouTube video on Mamba
FX's five minute strategy. You'll take that one. The next trade, you'll take Lambo Raul strategy. You guys have like
20 different strategies that you're trying to work at all together
and you're never going to be successful doing that in trading. You know why? You're stretching yourself thin. It's
like saying, "Hey, I'm going to try this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, all at the same
time." And you're going to suck at all of them all at the same time. and you'll never
get better at all of them at the same time because you're trying to do them all at the same time. So if you want to
get good at a skill or get good at a strategy, you have to have one single one. So unprofitable mindset number one,
a lot of you guys have several different strategies. Along with that,
a lot of you guys have several mentors. Choose one. You have to choose one.
A lot of you guys watch my videos. A lot of you guys watch ICT videos. A lot of you guys watch, you know, other people's
videos. I don't care who you watch. Even if this means you guys stop watching me. All I
want is for you guys to turn into profitable traders. I'm fine with you just saying, "Look, TJR, I [ __ ] with
you, but this guy's strategy works better for me." Awesome. We'll dap up. I did my job. I did what I needed to do.
You can step out here and and then boom. Okay. just have one mentor because again
with several strategies I teach certain confluences a different way. Your other
mentors have different strategies. Your other mentors,
sorry I'll boogie. Your other mentors trade differently than me and they teach
things differently than me. If you guys want to be successful in trading, you need one single mentor and you need one
single strategy because it's the same thing. You're stretching yourself too thin. If you learn trading from me, you
learn trading from Raul, you learn trading from ICT, you learn trading from somebody else. Again, it's like input
one, input two, input three, input four, and all of them are just little trickles instead of just one boom full power
faucet. So, have one strategy, have one mentor.
moving forward.
You guys overthink and you guys over complicate trading way too much, bro.
Way too much. You guys get into trading and think you need to
be able to solve the [ __ ] like the cure for cancer in order to be able
to be successful in trading. It's not the case. Simple simplicity is better
within trading. Guess what I taught my mentorship students,
okay? And I'm going to keep bringing them up because th these people are are going to be killers after this [ __ ] And
I I taught them. I said, "Look, I'm going to give you guys a strategy. You won't be able to take a trade every day.
You probably won't be able to find a trade every single day, but I guarantee you if you stick to these rules 100% of
the time, stay disciplined, don't over risk, and obviously don't overtrade
because you're sticking to the strategy, you will be profitable straight out of this
because I gave it to them." So simply, it's literally step one, step two, understand what you're looking for. Step
three, step four, execute. And and it's like the e like I gave them literally one. It's just a checklist and then it's
execute hands off. And I guarantee you they will be profitable if they follow
that checklist. The problem with a lot of you guys with
trading is you guys are looking at 20 different time frames. You guys are
looking at 30 different confluences. You guys are looking having 10 different strategies in your head and you have
three different mentors giving you their daily bias for the day. We need to stop that. My mentorship
students, they're only looking at four time frames and it's three confluences
off of those four time frames. It's as easy as that. You don't need to be looking at some bull like bro trust me
right now another basketball analogy for you guys when you guys are looking into these
advanced ass concepts which is one of the reasons why I'm not necessarily a huge fan of like these people who are
teaching like 30y year plus complicated ass concepts to people who are just
trying to get into trading today. You're one giving them the opportunity to overtrade
and two giving them the opportunity to over complicate the [ __ ] and overthink
everything. If you guys just keep it simple and just say like, "Look, I understand that right
now my strategy is simple, but I know I'll be successful with it." Just do
that. Right? If you just learned how to play basketball and you know for a fact you'll make that layup every single
time. Wide open layup. That's the only shot that you know you can hit that you know you're successful with
and then the coach puts you in the game and then you try and hit a behind the back 360 reverse layup, you're obviously
going to miss. You're obviously going to be unsuccessful. Versus if you have that open layup and you just shoot the ball,
you're probably going to make it. you have a much higher probability of making it with a simple shot compared to just
as like a twomonth in basketball player. You guys have to think about it like
that. You guys are like literally several months into trading like barely
even into this [ __ ] and you guys are trying to do [ __ ] that people who have
been in the market for 30 plus years. I'm not going to name any names, but there's somebody in in here on on
YouTube that is doing this to you guys and he's teaching you guys [ __ ] that he
understands because he has 30 plus years in the market, but you guys have no [ __ ] clue what he's talking about and
you guys think you know what he's talking about. It's like LeBron being like, "Yo, peep this super advanced
[ __ ] basketball move." and you're like two months into trading or two months into basketball
and you barely know how to dribble with your right and your left hand, you're never going to be able to make that shot
ever until time catches up with it. You know, once you have time, that's okay.
You'll be able to get there. But for now, let's focus on the easy [ __ ] And trust me, with the easy [ __ ] we'll be
successful. So, let's make it easy first and be successful with the easy [ __ ]
So, stop overthinking and stop over complicating. Keep it, y'all know the saying, kiss, keep it simple, stupid. K
I S S. Keep it simple, stupid. Okay, that's what I need you guys to do.
So, you guys have several different strategies, several mentors, and you guys overthink and over complicate.
You know what else you guys do? you try and get rich quick. You need to understand that this is a skill and this
is going to take a long time to be successful in and it's going to take take a long time to get rich in it.
Right now you guys have super low starting capital. Okay, funded accounts can help with
that, but you also don't know how to trade yet. So, one, you should not be trading on a live account right now.
Okay? Why would why would a coach if a coach sees, hey, man, you're two months
into playing basketball. You've never played in a game before. We don't know
if you're going to be good. Matter of fact, come join the NBA. You're going to be starting. That's pretty much what you guys are doing by jumping into a live
account and putting like $5,000 on the line. You're going to get eaten alive by this market. You have no experience. You
have no clue what you're doing yet. Bro, get on demo and get some reps in first.
play in games that don't [ __ ] matter before you go into the [ __ ] playoffs and in the NBA championship.
This is not a get-richqu scheme. You guys make it up in your head that it's a
get-rich quick scheme. You guys think you're going to get rich quick by doing this. It's not the case.
You will never get rich quick doing something. I will tell you, if you follow all my rules, all of my steps
that I'm going to give you guys throughout this trading transformation, you will be able to make money quicker
than other professions where you have to clock in, clock out, climb up the
corporate ladder. But you guys have to understand, it's not going to happen in a month. You're not going to make 100k a
month in a single year. You probably won't even make 100K in a
single year after like two or three years of trading. But again, eventually you will be able
to get to that point. It's just not as quick as you dream it up to be.
Okay, moving forward. What else do you guys do?
Let me think. What else do horrible traders do?
You guys have a bunch of different strategies. You have a bunch of different mentors. You guys overthink everything. And you over complicate
everything. You really do think you have to be [ __ ] Einstein to solve this [ __ ] You really don't. It's lit. Like
literally, if you guys keep it as simple as possible, bro, you'll be able to be profitable. You won't be able to take a
trade every day, but that doesn't matter, right? If the shot's not there and you you only know that you're going
to be successful on that simple ass shot, just don't take it. It's as simple as that. Just know your time is coming.
Okay? Might as well just take the successful shot so we can get better right now.
You guys think you're going to get rich quick. It's not the case. What else do you guys do?
Moving on from the get-richqu, you guys give up way too quick because when you
don't get rich quick, you give up and you move on to the next get-richqu
scheme. What you guys put in your head that's going to get you guys rich rich quick? You guys think it's going to be
drop shipping? You guys think it's going to be Amazon FBA? You guys think it's going to be
growth operating? You You guys think it's going to be a bunch of this [ __ ] All of those, it's the same process.
Same [ __ ] You got to work hard for a long time, get good at the simple [ __ ] then advance to the advanced [ __ ] and
then boom, eventually you'll get there over the course of a long ass time.
So, you guys get into trading and you're like, "Oh,
I can't wait to make a bunch of money." You have all these different strategies. You try try try try try try try try try
try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try try for like one day on each of the strate on each of the strategies
you fail consistently and then after two months you say I
didn't make 100k I'm out of here if that's your mindset get the [ __ ] lost
you'll never make money ever in your entire life swear you'll make money but not the way that you want you'll never
make a lot of money all you guys have probably the shortest
attention span ever in the entire world.
Wow. Attention span.
You guys have short attention spans. You guys think this one little plugin is going to change your life and it's not.
You guys need to think long term. And we talked about this in these earlier videos
where if you guys can think long term, five years down the line, I know that sounds like a long time, but think about
how old you are right now. 5 years isn't that far down the line compared to how much more life you have to live after
that. Right? If you're under 20 and you're watching this video, bro, you are even
if you're above 20, 25, 30, everything after that, you have this skill that is
lifechanging. Now, we need to understand that skills are life-changing.
And we also have to understand that skills take a long time to learn. And we have
to have that long-term vision. It like it it won't probably won't even be five years. It'll probably be a little bit
less than that. But you guys have to kick that little [ __ ] short dopamine [ __ ] short attention span to the
curb, bro. You got to kick that [ __ ] out
because if you don't, you're you're not going to make it in
entrepreneurship, in business, in trading. Because in order to be successful in these, you have to have a
long-term vision. So kick your short attention span to the
curb. Whether that means you take away TikTok, whether that means you take away social media, whatever it may be,
you guys need to take it away. And then last but not least,
what the hell?
You guys over learn what I'm going to teach you guys in this trading transformation series. We're
going to start you guys off at the very beginning. A lot of you guys are going to be [ __ ]
Remember, I want you guys to throw away everything that you think you know about trading
before coming into here, okay? A lot of you guys are going to learn [ __ ] and then be like immediately
jump ahead, bro. And I I'm going to [ __ ] knock you out, bro.
It drives me [ __ ] nuts. I teach you guys a concept. And then instantly it's
like boom. Let me apply this with some [ __ ] that I learned from somebody else. And my other strategy happened in my
mentorship literally the other day. I teach them the stepbystep four time
frame strategy on how they can be successful. And we get into the call and
I'm like, "All right, everyone share the trades that they took. We're going to go over them. I'm going to critique them." This and that. People are taking trades
off of one minute liquidity sweeps off of like, bro, we weren't even supposed to go on the one minute time frame.
People were talking about I went on the weekly. Bro, did you not even [ __ ]
listen? Keep it [ __ ] simple.
There's a there's a point of diminishing returns with overarning. You guys try and you guys try and overlearn and
underpractice. Wow, that was hard.
All you guys do is overlearn and under practice, bro. And it drives me [ __ ] nuts. You guys think the the cure to
your unprofitability is going to be watching another ICT or TJR YouTube video. Eventually, you know everything
that you need to know about it, and you just have to get to [ __ ] work and practice it. I know YouTube videos are
entertaining, but guess what? They're doing no [ __ ] good for you at all.
in terms of your trading journey, in terms of your success,
okay? You you just have to get into the charts and practice what you've already learned. The simple [ __ ] you guys
literally get in and then you start learning like 20 different concepts and then you're like, "Bet, I'm ready to
apply all of them." No, bro. Let me just give you one piece, two piece, three
piece, four piece. Okay? We apply all these. We learn how to do our layups. are easy [ __ ] Our easy little jumpers.
We get really good at those. Bet. Again, this trading transformation transformation series. This is my entire
YouTube channel from here on out. There's going to be more advanced stuff
down the down the line. Bear with me, bro. I'm trying to teach you guys the
right way. But first, we have to learn the simple [ __ ] We have to get insanely good at the simple [ __ ] Then we add
more concepts. Boom. something else. Boom. We're in something else. Boom. We
get really good at that something else. We just keep adding little pieces and we keep upgrading. But right now, you guys
don't know [ __ ] You're unprofitable. Admit that you're unprofitable. All you guys think you're hot shot [ __ ] best
traders in the world. You guys don't make [ __ ] from the market. Get real with yourself.
Start with the simple [ __ ] You guys can't You guys literally are not profitable. You guys can't even get the
simple [ __ ] done yet. That says a lot about you.
You guys literally are not successful making a [ __ ] layup and you guys are trying to hit a half court shot
currently. Let's start on the easy [ __ ]
All right. So now, what does that mean for a profitable
trading mindset? You have one strategy.
You have one mentor. Again, I don't give a [ __ ] if it's me or somebody else. It doesn't matter. Choose one singular
person. And I know for a fact you guys aren't going to listen to me and it's going to drive me [ __ ] crazy because I'm trying to help you guys with this
[ __ ] I'm literally saying if my [ __ ] doesn't work for you, go to somebody else. You guys have to understand that
this is for you. I'm like, understand that every single one of these videos, listen to the like
what I'm saying because I know for a fact you guys aren't going to listen. And it drives and like I'm thinking about it right now and it's pissing me
off because I genuinely want what's best for you guys. And some of you guys just have [ __ ] no brains, bro. And it
makes me want to let me help you.
Have one strategy. Have one mentor.
Simplify everything. Get rich
in a long period of time.
Stay strong for a
for a long time. Long time frame.
Long time frame, bro. Come on. These people are [ __ ] yelling outside. Give me a second.
Long time frame mindset.
Seven over practice
and learn one step at a time.
Okay. I need you guys to have one strategy, one single mentor.
Simplify everything. Make everything as simple as possible. Understand that if
you guys can do this, you guys will get rich in a long period of time, not quick. You guys will genuinely make
money over a long course of time. Be consistent with this for a long period of time.
You have to have, again, look at look at the majority of this stuff. It's all simplicity and long-term mindset. It can
literally be boiled down to those two things. Keep it simple and understand that it's going to take a long time to
be able to do this and you have to be okay with that. Stay strong for a long period of time. Be consistent for a long
period of time. Think in years, not days, in in decades, not months.
And overractice and learn one step at a time. Don't go in and learn five
different confluences and then try and apply all of them at once. You're going to suck dick at all of them.
Get into the market. Learn step one just like how we've been doing on here. I'm
giving you guys one piece at a time and then I'm giving you guys homework. Look, spot these pieces. Oh, we're good at
that. Boom. Perfect. Checked off the box. Now we can add something else. We
have to over practice and learn one step at a time. Not learn five steps and then
practice it once and then give up. Practice for weeks. get insanely good at it and then move to
the next step. And that is how you guys are going to be successful in trading. Write all this [ __ ] down. Reread it
every [ __ ] day. Do whatever it takes. This is it, bro. This will turn you
profitable. Period, bro. Like, this is it. Let's get the drip out for y'all.
 Lesson 4: Experience is the best teacher
Nah, I'm playing. Tuck that. Tuck that [ __ ] But anyways, today I wanted to make a little video um not necessarily
covering any concepts because what I wanted to cover is that trading is like building a house or like a skill, okay?
And everybody, right? Like I can be really good at trading for and I can be really good at let's say identifying
liquidity and somebody else can be really good at trading because they trade off of like bowlinger bands or
they're trade off of like indicators and that's their thing. And what you guys have to understand is that this [ __ ]
isn't just going to be like a copy and paste ass strategy. I'm going to give
you guys a super duper systematic strategy that you guys can really like
try and apply by your do and see if it works out for you. Okay? But for some of
you guys, it just might not make make any sense. For others, it might make complete sense and it might turn you
profitable along with all the discipline and all the psychology stuff. Okay. But what I got what I want you guys to
understand from this video is that every single trader is going to be different. So I'm going to do my best to explain
how I trade and I'm going to do my best to explain concepts to you where you
guys can take those concepts and pretty much create your own strategy out of it.
Okay? And that's my main goal and that's what I wanted to kind of get into in today's video. Even though we've kind of
already covered it, today's going to be short as [ __ ] okay? But I need you guys to understand that like when I introduce
liquidity and when I introduce strategy and when I introduce all of these concepts,
I need you guys to understand like I'm pretty much just laying out tools for you guys to use. You don't necessarily
have to use them. Some of them will be more beneficial than others. I'm going to lay out these
tools for you guys which are going to be pretty much confluences. Okay, so like
break of structure is one tool. I'm going to lay out liquidity. I'm going to lay out order blocks. I'm going to lay
out fair value gaps. I'm going to lay out equilibrium. I'm going to lay out breaker blocks. I'm I'm going to try and
just give you guys a bit. Damn. I'm going to try and lay out like a complete
toolbox for you guys so that you guys are able to be like, I want this one,
this one, this one, this one, this one, and then bing bong boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You guys can work with it because it makes sense to you. Some of
these confluences and tools, you're just going to suck dick at them and they're just not going to make sense to you.
Cool. If that makes if that's the case, bet. leave them alone. Okay. So, before I wanted to like start introducing these
concepts and these things where I'm going over these confluences and these
tools, I needed to make that clear where if it doesn't make sense to you, don't [ __ ] use it. And if the way that I
teach some [ __ ] doesn't make sense to you, either rewatch it and try and make it make sense or just pick a different
mentor. If like my strategy doesn't work for you, then like go and find somebody
else's strategy that works for you. Does that make sense? And when I say
that works for you, it doesn't mean that instantly turns you profitable. Okay? Because there's no strategy that's going
to do that. Okay? Turning profitable is a combination of a bunch of [ __ ] It's a
combination of, you know, being disciplined. It's a combination of risk management. It's a combination of time.
Nobody talks about that [ __ ] Time and experience. Literally, I saw a tweet the
other day or I saw a tweet today where somebody was like, "Oh, you want to get good at trading or you want to get good
at crypto?" Like, just start clicking random buttons and see what happens and get better from there. Like, it's as
simple as that. Like, experience is by far the best teacher. That's what I want you guys to understand is experience is
the best teacher. Some of the [ __ ] that I explained to you might not make sense. And if it doesn't make sense, kick it to the [ __ ] curb,
unless it's like literally necessary to trade the way that I trade. And if the way that I trade doesn't make any sense
to you, either make it make sense by re-watching the videos over and over and over again or just find a different
mentor because strategies are everywhere on the internet for free. Okay, this is
full like disclosure. When you join like any sort of mastermind or any sort of
course, including my own, your mentor is not going to get in there and be like, "Tday one, the secret key of
profitability that I've been keeping from you for this entire time that no trader is allowed to see or post for
free on YouTube, and they only keep it in their $2,000 mentorship." Like,
it just doesn't exist. So if you guys join like a mastermind like my mastermind or like mentorship or
somebody's course, you're going to see essentially free information that you've
seen everywhere on the internet. But the benefit well okay like courses me personally like the pre-recorded [ __ ]
I'm not that big of a fan of because again it's literally free information that's everywhere on the internet. I
like the way that I do my [ __ ] because I'm going to explain my [ __ ] to you guys and then it's like bet y'all can ask
questions and then I can actually fix the [ __ ] that you guys are doing wrong. But that's besides the point. Every
single strategy is for free on the internet, okay? There's no little
[ __ ] hocus pocus magic key to success. So you guys just have to find
one that works for you. And we know that strategy
is not the the differentiating factor of turning profitable or not. So like if my
strategy doesn't work for you, bet, choose a different one and then learn from all of my psychology videos and
learn from my risk management videos. And if my risk management doesn't make sense to you, bet. Watch somebody else's
video on it. You know, like all that I can say is the best teacher is going to be experience. So, and then on top of
that, every strategy is for free online. So, like don't like again the
pre-recorded [ __ ] isn't necessarily the best, okay? Like the [ __ ] that will
really benefit you will be like active live asking questions. I'm going to lay out a bunch of tools for you and if they
don't make sense and if they don't mean [ __ ] to you and if they just like you try it for literally months on end and
you're like I'm not profitable and I'm actually using good risk management and I'm actually using good psychology
and like you just see negative progress. You see your win rate go down. You see
your [ __ ] just go down. And I don't mean like in a week and I don't mean like in two weeks. I mean like over the course
of a couple months. then you can just say like, "Bet, scrap that shit." Because experience is the
best teacher. Okay? So, learn from these tools that I give you. I'm going to give you a [ __ ]
ton of tools throughout this entire thing and then you guys are going to grab them and you guys are going to try
them and choose the ones that work for you. And the ones that don't,
throw them away. Okay? Simple as that. All right? That's really all I wanted to make this video on. I wanted to make
sure you guys like understand that my strategy isn't the end all be all. ICT
strategy, even though he has like a billion, isn't the end all beall. Your favorite mentor's strategy isn't the end
all beall, it's not going to be the thing that turns you profitable. You guys just have to use what works for you. And then you guys have to get
experience doing the [ __ ] that works for you. Because if it makes sense to you, like it makes sense why you're entering.
That's the best thing. That's the biggest and best thing where if you guys fully understand why you're entering and
you understand why price is moving and reacting the way that it is at that point in time of your entry and your
exit and your take profit. Boom. Now just time. That's all you
need. Cool. That's going to be the title of this video. Time. Time is the secret
little orb. Wow. Game changer quote. Time is
really what's going to turn you profitable. It's like a Fushig commercial. Y'all
remember that she? No way. Look what I literally have on my desk.
This is what time is in trading.
Fushigi, get time, get experience, use a strategy that makes sense to you. I'm going to
lay out a bunch of building blocks and if they don't make sense to you and if they don't work, cool. That's what this [ __ ] is here for, to turn everybody
profitable. That's my goal. So, like, if my [ __ ] doesn't work for you, bet I'll be able to turn you profitable by taking
you guys away from me and at least giving you guys the right headsp space and like understanding what you're
 Technical Analysis Fundamentals
supposed to do and then take it somewhere else for somebody strategy that works for them. Cool. Cool. So, now
that you guys know how to properly think about day trading, now that we know that this isn't some get-rich quick scheme,
and that this is a skill that you guys are going to have to build over a long period of time, and we understand that,
we are now going to get into the fundamentals of trading. So, if you guys are brand new to day trading and you guys don't even know what a candlestick
is, what a time frame is, these next videos are going to be super useful for you guys to help actually start
understanding the charts. So again, whenever you guys get on YouTube, you're seeing these crazy charts of price
moving up and price moving down, and you're like, "What the [ __ ] does this even have to do with trading, and how do I even understand this?" That's what I'm
going to be covering in these next videos. So, if you guys are an absolute beginner, this is going to be super useful for you guys to understand the
Japanese candlesticks, which I know sounds like weird, like, oh, we have a little candlestick and we're going No,
that's Well, I mean, it's kind of like that. We have a little candlestick and we're going through the dark to be able to predict where price wants to go.
Okay, but this is going to be the absolute base and fundamentals of how you guys are going to be able to analyze
the charts moving forward. And this is going to be literally the base of the
pyramid that you guys are going to be establishing all of your day trading knowledge on. Okay? So we need to be
able to understand the base fundamentals of the charts like candlesticks, like
time frames, like highs, like lows, like uptrends, like downtrends, like
consolidation, and things such as like break of structure. These things are going to be super beneficial for you
guys to help build this foundation that again is not going to necessarily teach you guys how to day trade just off rip.
You guys aren't going to be at that point in time to where you're like, "Yes, I'm ready to predict with high
probability where price wants to go off of this." No, but this is going to be our basic absolute fundamentals that we
have to understand these things in order to be able to build off of this to get into strategy to get into certain
confluences. So, with that being said, let's jump right into it. And I think I've done a good job of putting you guys heads in the right position so that you
 Lesson 5: Candlesticks & Timeframes
guys can be successful moving forward. So for everybody that is
a trader, we're talking about the anatomy of candlesticks. We're going to
talk about just candles, where the open is, where the close is, the highs and
the lows of candlesticks, and we're going to talk about highs and lows within the market. And then we're going
to talk about trends. Pretty basic, pretty boring stuff. But without further
ado, let's get started. So, if you guys come across a chart that looks like this, might as well understand what's on
the chart first and foremost, right? Honestly, we'll get into this first. On on Trading View, there's several
different types of chart. There's um candle uh Japanese candlestick chart, which is usually what most people use.
Um there's a line chart. Um and there's like hyenashi. There's all
there's all these different types of charts. Um,
the most normal one is a Japanese candlestick chart, which looks like this. And I have special little colors.
If you guys want to see my colors, this is what they look like. If you copy them, it will instantly make you
profitable. You know what's crazy? When I first started trading, I would literally copy my mentors chart colors
because I was like, "His chart looks so clean." like and I and I thought it
would make me profitable. Um, far from the truth. So, I don't even know why I showed you guys that. But anyways,
these little guys right here are called candles. You know why they're called candles? Because they look like candles.
If we put a little flame on it, boom, look, it's a candle. We have the the
waxy part of the candle and then we have the candle wick. And believe it or not,
these little tails to the downside and to the upside are called wicks because these are candles.
Crazy. So, I'm going to explain the anatomy of
these candles. We'll draw one right here.
Boom.
Look at that little guy. Look at that little candle. And let's say this is a green candle. Oops.
[Music] How do I How do I
Here we go. This is a green candle. Okay. An up candle or in my case a blue
candle. Don't ask me why. I just made it. No,
don't ask me why I have my candles blue and black and just think it looks cool. Literally as simple as that. Okay. Wow.
This is more so an art class than it is a trading class at this point.
And we're going to turn all of these red.
[Music] And then we're going to color this guy in red. Boom. This one looks a lot
better than the first Picasso one that we got. Okay, so we have an up candle
and we have a down candle. With an up candle, a blue candle or a
green candle for most of you guys, if you guys are fresh on Trading View, there's four things that these
candlesticks tell us. Okay, with an up candle, this line right here, we call
this or actually, wow, there's a lot to learn here. We might just talk about
candles today, not even highs and lows and trends. I think we'll save that for tomorrow. So, this solid filledin part of the
candle is called the body. Okay, so if we scroll down here, right, everything
that's blue and up, it's the body. Okay, everything that's green and up is the
body. And the body tells us two things. It shows us where price opened and it
showed us where price closed. So
with a green candle,
the start of the body, because we know green means up, the start is going to be down here. And that is going to be where
price opened. Okay. So in this candle's instance it's
right here. This is where price opened and then it's along with that the body
also tells us where price closed. So up here is where price closed. You know why?
I I don't know why I said you know why. Um,
but you know why I they probably made it where price closed because
that's where the color stops and it's like boom ended there.
Okay. So this line right here is the candle close. Closure
close. Boom. So boom. The candlestick has already
told us two awesome things about price. These candlesticks tell us a lot about price, four things.
And the body tells us two things. Where price opened, so the start of it, and where price closed, where the end of
this closing area is. You know what else these candles show us? They show us the
highest point that price went during that time period. And we'll get to that.
And it also shows us the lowest point that price went during that time period.
And you know what? You know what those are? Those are seen through Wix. So this guy right here,
just to make this look better. So this up here is the highest point that price
went to. Hi. Hi guys. Hi. Boom. This is the high. So
that means price went was able to push up here. And think of wicks like a snail
trail or like a skid mark on your underwear. You know something's been there before. Similar with price.
Price opened right here, pushed all the way up to this point, and
then came down and closed here. Okay? Ended that time time frame
right here. You know what else these wicks show? It shows the low. So, same as the high.
Oops. I don't know why I typed that. Okay. It shows us the lowest point that
price went. So, price opened. Who knows which came first, the high or the low,
but price opened. We pushed down. Leave a little snail trail down to this low. That means price got all the way down
here and then pushed all the way up here and then came all the way back down here
and then closed here. So the highest point of this candle is right here and
the lowest point of this candle is right here. And then it's the same thing for a down candle just the inverse of the open
and the close. Because if price moved down then the open is right here, the close
is right here. The highest point of that candle is still right here and the lowest point of that candle is right here. So that means price opened the
time frame right here. Maybe it pushed up first, left a little snail trail all the way up at this price
and then pushed all the way down to this price at some point in time and then came right here and then closed.
Pretty cool. Okay, now you're probably saying, "Well, how
long do these candles last?" Well, that's what these cool things up here dictate. So, if we scroll down to the
candlestick chart, let's actually go on Bitcoin because Bitcoin is a 24-hour market. You can see right now we are in
on the 1 hour chart. And you can see within here,
right, price is moving. The the close is moving currently, right? Right now,
we're in a green candle or a blue candle currently.
Okay. And we're moving up and down. Notice how like up here was the high. And notice how it leaves that little wick, that snail trail, that history,
that footprint of where price went. It's to help us understand price. And if
we look at the the candlestick before there, what happened to it? Where did price open?
Okay, it opened right here. And within an hour's worth of time, price at one
point during that hour came all the way down here to $47,992.
And also within that hour, price came all the way up to $48,147.
And then at the end of the hour, it closed at $48,125.
So price opened right here on the hour and closed up here on the
hour. And we can see this current candlestick or actually we let's move back and talk about this one because
this is a down candle. So boom. This was 1 hour the hour before
this one. So what time is it right now? It's 6:17 my time. Okay. So at 6:00 p.m.
this candle closed right here. And at 5:00 p.m. this candle opened right here.
And at 400 p.m. this candle opened up here because it's
a down candle, right? So this is where the candle opened.
Okay. Right at 4 p.m. price started here. Think of the open as like the starting
point from the hour. And during that hour, price came all the way up to $48,377.
And also during that hour, price came all the way down to $48,
$7. And then at the end of the hour, it closed at $48,62.
Okay? And I don't really want to confuse you guys anymore. The only thing we'll talk about some more is time frames. So, I was just
saying that that was an hour's worth of time. What happens if I click boom
1 minute or what happens if I hit boom the five minute time frame? Now, we're seeing the
same chart, right? If we go back to the hourly time frame, we can see, oh, look, boom, big c like big candles, right?
Representing a lot of price movement amongst hours of time. And then if we
hit the five minute, we see that same price movement
but in shorter clumps, right? But each candle represents five
minutes of price action. So now when we see boom, this huge leg up, we can see
it in fiveminute candlesticks. And when we see this leg down, if we go to the hourly time frame, that to us just looks
like one down candle, two, three, four, five, six, seven down candles in a row.
Versus if we go on the five minute time frame, we'll see, oh, we can see price moving up, moving down, moving up,
moving down, moving up, moving down, all the way down to here. Still showing the same price action.
still showing exactly where price went, but now we're able to show where price
went just in smaller smaller periods of time.
Okay, so if we look at this, this candlestick's about to close,
right? We know it'll close because we can see the time right here. It's going to close in four 3 2 1 boom. We see
that's where price is going to close. We're going to wait for the next c candle to open
if it's going to happen. Boom. The next candle opens and now is starting to create itself.
So this fiveminute candle, what did it do? It opened right here because it's a down candle. The open is always going to
be on the top and the close is always going to be on the bottom. And it's inverse for up candles.
This candle opened at 48,169. And during that five minute period,
price was able to get all the way up to $48,178.
And also during that five minute time period, price was able to go down to $48,120.
And then by the time that five minute period came up, it ended right here at
$48,147. And you're going to be trying to figure
this out, saying, "TJR, let's take a trade.
I'm going to shoot you. You're not even close to being ready yet.
We just have to understand." Literally internal thoughts speaking in
this one, bro. Um, we we have to understand this first
because this is pretty hard to understand. I we're literally just going to keep forget highs and lows and
trends. I thought again, man, I'm jumping way too far ahead here, okay?
We're just going to focus on candles. And if the one thing that you guys can take away is that whatever time frame
you're on represents the amount of time that the candle has to close,
okay? From the open till the close is the amount of time that that the candlesticks on that chart represent.
And then if you're also able to identify the open, the close, the high, and the
low within every single candle, then you're on a good track. And I think I
did a relatively good job of teaching you guys that today. Let's try and drill a little bit more out. We'll go to the 15-minute. Now,
these candles represent 15 minutes worth of price action. So, if we go in here
and we'll do two more and then I'll let you guys go for this little Super Bowl Sunday
thing. Okay, if we look at this up candle right here, where did price open?
It opened right here, right? Because it's the bottom of the shaded blue part, the bottom of the up candle. Okay, it
opened at And if you guys don't know where I'm getting the prices from, it's on the right hand side, right above me,
right there. Okay, so we can see price opened at $48,422.
At some point in d time time during those 15 minutes, price came all the way down here
to $48,364. And also within that 15-minute period time, price came all the way up here to
48,470. And then at the end of that 15-minute time period, price closed right here.
Ready? Last one. This next candle, price opened right here at $48,446.
[Music] And sometime during that 15-minute time period, price was able to push up to
$48,481. And then also during that 15-minute time
period, we had a tiny little wick, tiny little poke down, but for the most part,
we just ended and closed that 15-minute time period right here at $48,374.
And the the last thing I want to leave you guys with is the cool thing about this is you guys can see
the the reason why these candlesticks are so awesome and so important and so beneficial to us is because we can see a
month's worth of price action in candles. We are able to see a week's
worth of price action in candles. We're able to see every single day worth of
price action in candles. And then within those days, we're able to see 4hour chunks of those days in candles. And
within those four hours, we're able to see hour chunks within those 4hour chunks within those days. And within those hourly chunks, we're allowed to
see 15 minutes, 15 minutes worth of price action. And within there, we're able to see five minutes worth of price
action. And within there, we're able to see one minute. every single minute worth of price action, whether price is
going up just the tiniest bit or down just the tiniest bit to help us figure out where price is going. And I'm just
going to leave that with you guys here. So you guys now understand two things.
Candles and the anatomy of them. Open, close, high, low. Open, close, high,
low. And time frames. One minute time frame shows how many minutes worth of
price action? Five minutes. Dumbass. No. One minute.
The 15-minute time frame shows how many minutes worth of price action. What? 15
minutes. Yeah. Lesson one checked off. You guys are killing it. I'll see you
guys tomorrow or whenever the next video comes. I get like horny making these cuz I love teaching people. All right. Peace
out. All right. What's going on, guys? or as promised, we are going to add on to our candlestick anatomy and we are
 Lesson 6: Highs, Lows, & Trends
going to talk about highs, lows, and trends within the market. We're going to
start off with identifying highs and lows, and we're going to start off by drawing them out. And we'll do the same with trends, and then we'll go ahead
into the actual candlestick chart so we can start outlining these uh market
structures, okay, within the market to help us understand this, okay? And again, we're not trying to put anything
together. um we're just learning anatomy of candlesticks and being able to
identify some basic things that is necessary in order in order for us to be successful within the market. So without
further ado, let's talk about highs and lows. So highs and lows are a two
can okay, I'm not even going to try and write that, but it's a two candlestick pattern. And I'm not a pattern trader,
but what is a pattern or what creates a high is two candlesticks. And if you
think about a high, what does it need? It needs a move up. And then what what
else does it need for it to be considered a high? Because if it just keeps moving up, then there there's no high. Okay? We need the high to be
identified with a move up then a move down. So, it's as simple as green candlestick followed by a red
candlestick and you take the highest point of those two candles. Now, what's the low? It's the inverse. A move down,
then a move up, red candle, green candle, and you take the lowest point of
those two candlesticks. Boom. You just learned how to identify highs and lows.
Now, believe it or not, when I was teaching my mastermind this, this was one of the hardest things for them to
consume, for them to digest because they just couldn't wrap their head around how easy and as simple as it could be.
Stop trying to over complicate things. Let's think back to our very beginning videos where I said, "Look, I'm going to
make this as simple as possible to make you guys successful." That's all I want to do. Stop trying to get in and do all
this crazy [ __ ] from somebody who's been trading the market for like 30 years and teaching you guys [ __ ] that takes 30
years of experience to understand when we can keep this [ __ ] simple and and get you guys off to the right
foot. I would love it if you guys just threw out everything that you've ever learned about trading and just restarted with this series. Okay, a high is a move
up, then a move down. You take the highest point of those two candles. A low is a move down, then a move up. Red
candle, green candle, green candle, red candle, lowest point and highest point of those two candlesticks. Cool. Let's
go and identify it in the chart now. Cool, cool, cool. Let's actually just go ahead and do this on I'll find a fresh
chart. Where are the highs on this? Within
here. Okay, I see four. Move up, then a move down. Bet. Highest
point of those two candles. Move up, then I move down. Bet highest point of those two candles. Move up, then a move
down. Bet highest point of those two candles. Move up, then I move down, bet, highest point of those two candles.
Simple. Now, let's find lows. I see two within this chart.
Move down, then a move up. Lowest point of those two candles. Move down, then a move up. Lowest point of those two
candles. And if we scroll all the way back down here, move down and a move up. Boom. lowest point of those two candles.
We know how to identify highs and lows. We are awesome at this, guys. Good job. Clap it up. But wait,
some people might get confused in my mastermind. Somebody was asking, "Well, TJR.
Well, look, this candle goes up and then this candle's up, but then there's a move down and and this was the highest point
and this was the highest point right here. What is the next candle? It's up. So, I
don't give a [ __ ] about that. What's a high? It's as simple as a move up and then a move down. I don't care how
anybody else teaches it. You guys want to learn from me? Awesome. This is how I teach it and this is what works for me.
So, this is how I'm going to teach it. I'm not going to give you guys no [ __ ] I'm not going to Look, it's a move up then a move down. Don't get
[ __ ] confused. This doesn't apply to me. This does.
If this candle's wick went all the way down here,
but it still followed with a a black candle, I don't give a [ __ ]
I don't care at all. Ever.
This is the low. Move down, then a move up, and you find the lowest point of those candles. Move up, then a move down. Bet. You find the highest point of
those two candles. Look in here. Move up, then a move down. You find the highest point of those two candles.
Boom. Move up, then a move down. Find the highest point of those two candles.
Move down, then a move up. You find the lowest point of those two candles.
Simple enough. Don't try and do no. Whatever you're thinking right now, shut up. Shut up. Shut up, bro. I don't want
to hear it. Stop overthinking. Sh. Like, turn your brain off.
Green then red. Green, red, high, red, green, low. Simple caveman, bro. That's
all we need. Awesome. We know how to identify highs and lows. Now, let's talk about how we
can identify trends. Uptrends and downtrends. That's how the
market moves. The market moves in three different ways. Up, down, and sideways.
Okay, we want to talk about how we can identify all three of the ways that the
market moves. An uptrend, which is why we have to learn highs and lows. First,
consists of higher highs and higher lows. So, we see a high and then we see
a low and then we see another high and then we see another low. And would you look at that? Oh, there. This high. This
high. Oh, this high is higher than this one. And this low is higher than this one. Wow. It keeps going. Oh, higher
high, higher low, higher high, higher low. And that's an uptrend. You know why? Because it continues going up and
it's trending. Oh, craziness. Isn't that insane? So
crazy. Now, take a wild guess what a downtrend is going to look like. Lower highs and lower lows.
Why does this looks so shitty? There we go.
Lower highs and lower lows. There's a high right here. There's a low right here. There's a lower high right here. There's a lower low right here. There's a lower high like right here. There's a
lower low right here. Lower high right here. Lower low right here. Lower high right here. Boom.
That's a downtrend. So, we covered up down. Now, let's cover sideways. What does market do when it moves sideways?
Bing bong bing bong bing bong bing bong bing bong. Where there's no sense of direction. When we're literally moving
sideways. We're not going up and we're not going down. We're going side to side
and that's just called consolidation.
Okay? And these trends and these movements can be found on every single time frame.
Right? If we go to the one minute, I'll be able to find uptrends and downtrends. If I go in consolidation, if I go to the
five minute, I'll be able to find uptrends and downtrends. If I go to the 1 hour, I'll be able to find uptrends and downtrends. If I go to the weekly,
I'll be able to find uptrends, downtrends, consolidation, all of that.
So, let's go ahead and do that right now. And this is when it's going to get scary.
And my homework for you guys is to be able to identify, literally just get into the chart and just mark out high,
low, high, low, high, low, higher, high, higher, low. be able to identify these
highs and the lows and these trends and these market movements because if you're able to do that, we're one step closer.
Another skill learned. Okay, so let's go into the 4 hour right now. 4 hour time frame where each candle
represents 4 hours worth of price movement. Let's not pay attention to what price
was doing before this. I'll give you guys a cheat sheet. Price before this was in an uptrend.
Okay. Why? Well, if we look at it, where was price going? It was going up. That's
another really easy way to identify an uptrend versus we see what price is
doing right now. Where is price going? It's down going down. And if we want to scale in and see this, okay, what do we
do? We start just identifying the highs and lows within the market. So, boom, this is a high. And boom, this
is a low. Move down, then a move up. We take the lowest point of those two candles. Move up, then a move down. We take the highest point of those two
candles. Then we look closer. Move down, then a move up. Wow, this low is lower than
this one. Move up, then a move down. Wow, this high is lower than this one. Lower hose. Lower lows.
Lower lows and lower highs. We're starting a downtrend on the 4 hour
time frame. Now, if we get in here
and look, unfortunately, the past couple weeks, super sloppy price action. Let's actually zoom out a bit. It'll be easier
for us. Okay, let's just start. Let's ignore this.
Let's just start right here because I don't want you guys to get confused. An uptrend move up, then a move down. Boom.
High. Move down, then a move up. Boom. Low. Move up, then a move down. Boom.
High. Move down, then a move up. Boom. Low, move up, then a move down. Even
this classifies as a high. If the candle is so minuscule that it looks like this,
where you can't even identify the color within it, just ignore it. I don't even want to see it. Move up, then it move
down like this. You can see the color. I'm talking about when the candle was literally flat. There was no gain and
there was no loss. Like, it opened and closed at pretty much the same exact price.
Okay, so we see a move up, then it move down. higher high. We see a move down, then a
move up. Boom. Higher low. We see a move up, then we see a move down. Boom. Higher high. Let's ignore what price is
doing right now. So, we just identified an uptrend.
Let's scale down into the 15minute. And now you'll start to see, okay, wow,
there's a lot there's smaller trends within these bigger trends. And again, I don't want you guys get to get
overwhelmed by this. I don't want you guys to even look into it. I don't even want you guys to get confused by it.
Let's just focus on identifying trends. Okay, we have a move up, then a move
down. We take the highest point right there. We have a move down, then a move up. We take the lowest point right there. We have a move up, then a move
down. We have the highest point right there. Lower high. We see price move down lower. We see a move down, then a
move up. Boom. Lower low. We see a move up, then we see a move down. Boom. Lower high.
We see a dogey candle we don't give a [ __ ] about. Boom. We see a move down. Then we see a move up. Lower low. We see
a move up then a move down. Boom. Lower high. This was a downtrend. I don't want to
get confused with, you know, when these trends break or when that we'll get into that later. We'll talk about breakout
structure later. We'll talk about structure and all of that later. But right now, we just want to be able to identify these trends. You guys are
going to start seeing trends within trends where on the 15minute you see a break of structure. Ah wow we're getting
way too far ahead. Hands off. That's it for today. That's all I want. Just for you guys to be able to identify these
trends, higher highs and higher lows to be able to identify highs and lows. I need to remember you guys are just
starting out which is what I'm here for. We'll keep today nice and short, nice and simple. Highs, lows, uptrends,
downtrends. In consolidation, what is it? we don't necessarily have much of a direction,
you know, it's just kind of going sideways. And the easiest way
to see an uptrend or a downtrend, look at where it's going. If it's going up or down on every single time frame, is it
moving up or is it moving down or is it moving sideways? So, boom. You
guys just figured out how to identify trends. And you just guys you guys just figured out how to identify highs and
lows. Awesome. Drill it as many times as possible and then we'll circle back for
tomorrow.
 Lesson 7: Break of Structure
Okay. Focus. So today we are just going to be talking about breaker structure. Okay. And we are going to be applying
everything that we learned from highs, lows, and trends. Wait, highs, lows, trends. So we're
going to cover break of structure today. And I'm not going to tell you guys how to use it as a confluence. I'm not going
to tell you guys I'm not going to tell you guys [ __ ] I'm just going to explain it to you guys. And you guys are just
going to have to live with that and understand that we're not here to learn
strategy yet. Almost eventually,
just not yet. Okay, so without further ado, let's jump
right into this bit. The S&P 500, we're not looking at that
[ __ ] today. We're going to be using our favorite tool, the brush.
Okay, so let's get started and quickly recap what
we need to know in order to in order to identify a break of structure. What's a high?
Up, down. Candle move up and a candle move down. What's a low? Down, up, move down, then
a move up. We take the lowest point of the move down and the move up. That's the low. We take the highest point of
the move up and then the move down. That's the high. Cool. Quickly identify it within the chart.
Move down, then a move up. Lowest point of those two candles. Boom.
Move up, then a move down. Highest point of those two candles. Boom. Low. High.
Do we give a [ __ ] about two consecutive blue candles or green candles in your
guys' case? No. Do we give a [ __ ] about two consecutive black candles or red candles in your guy's case? No, we do
not. Okay. So, if this candle's wick was lower than this one, we do not give
a [ __ ] because this is move down then a move up. This would be the low. Cool.
Cool. Now that we did a little recap of highs and lows, let's get into
breaking structure. So, we know that trends move in
higher highs and higher lows and lower highs. Wow, that was horrible. This was good. This was a good uptrend. Let's
start with the down. Damn. Come on, man. You would think that I've done this so many times. There we go. That's good
enough. kind of a steep ass downtrend if you guys ask me. And I can't hit the highs when I hit the lows perfectly.
Wow, aim is off. But anyways, we noted that an uptrend moves in higher highs
and higher lows. And a downtrend moves in lower highs and lower lows. Okay.
So, if we're in an uptrend, boink
boink, what happens when price does this? Boom.
Boom. And we end up making boom a lower
low. Boom. And then a lower high after an uptrend.
Break of structure. And we're typically able to spot this even before the lower low and the lower high gets put in
because within an uptrend, if we see a low get closed underneath,
that's a break of structure. And the same thing in a downtrend when we see a high closed above
breakup structure. Okay? And you're probably thinking closed. What does that mean? It means
the candle literally closes underneath that lowest
point. So when we're in an uptrend, we're ident we're looking for lows for breaks of breaks of structure. When
we're in a downtrend, we're looking at highs for breaks of structure.
Okay. So, if we're in an uptrend, boom,
and we're like, "Wow, higher high, higher low, higher high, higher low." Whoa.
Low gets closed underneath. Okay, that's a break of structure
because then this low that gets made is going to be lower than this one.
And in an in a downtrend, the reason why it's a breakup structure
is because this high is going to be higher than this one. What?
Okay. So, all we want to do is be able to identify these. And the way that we identify it is in an uptrend, we're
looking for lows. And when the lowest point of those two candlesticks of the down then up move,
if we see a candle close underneath that, not a wick. Remember, think back to our candlestick anatomy.
If this is a down candle, be red. If the close, so right here, if it
closes underneath the lowest point, then it's a break of structure. Vice versa.
If this is a
green candle and we get
a breakup structure to the upside, the clues, the candle has to close, meaning this line right here on the candlestick
has to be above this high. Okay? So
again, this shouldn't be too difficult to understand. I just drew it out for you guys. Let's
go ahead and spot this. Spot them. Got them. Okay. So if we look at this,
it's a great first example. Okay. What were we in? If we just move
this to like Whoa, my thing's glitching.
We just move this here. Okay, if we just look at this like let's
make this as simple as possible. We have a high, then we have a low, then we have another high, then we have another low,
whatever. Consolidation, then we have another high, and then boom, look at the most recent low, right? So, before this,
we were in an uptrend. You're probably thinking, what? We we weren't in an uptrend. Yes, we were. Why? Look at
prices. It's literally going up. We have a high, then we have a low. Yes, this is technically a lower high and you're
probably confused, but again, sometimes the the market moves sideways, but again, this is a higher low. Okay, so as
long as long as the lows within an uptrend are not closed underneath, then we're not going to break structure. But
then what happens? Okay, we get a higher high. Cool. But then this candle closes,
right? This is the where this candle closed underneath the most recent low. So what
did that do? that broke structure to the downside.
And then what do we see price do? We come up, we make a little high right here and then we continue lower. Okay,
let's find it in the opposite direction. Okay, a break for structure to the upside. This is perfect right here. Okay, so we
see boom, price is dumping down. We're in a downtrend, right? High, low, high,
low, high, low, high. And then what happens?
This is the high move up then a move down. Boom. This candle is equal. Okay, so we didn't necessarily get a break
with this candle. But then boom, this candlestick closed
above this high within a downtrend. Where did price go after that?
Higher. And I don't want you guys to get any ideas. You guys cannot definitely will never ever ever be able to turn
profitable just by identifying breakup structure. So before you think that this is the golden ticket to being
profitable, just like put your hands back in your ass and keep watching these videos, okay? Cuz you're not even a
second of the way there. But this is a really awesome tool that we will use way
later down the line and throughout all of our trading and that we have to understand. And because we know the
concepts of highs, lows, and trends, we can now identify this. And now we have
this nice little tool in our toolbox. Okay. So, does that make sense? When we're in a downtrend, we're identifying
highs, okay? And we're waiting for highs to get broken above. And we're not necessarily
waiting. We're just understanding that if a high gets closed above, if the most
recent high gets closed above in a downtrend, then it's a break of structure. Okay? And now what has
started an uptrend. Okay? So if we look
from there, right, price ends up moving higher. Okay,
let's try and show some other examples of this. Okay,
on NASDAQ, we have a move down, then a move up.
Price closes this candlestick all the way underneath this low. Where does
price go after that? Down. Okay, it broke structure out of this uptrend that it was in.
Okay, we were in an uptrend here. We got a break of structure to the downside. And then because we got that breakup
structure, we're now in a downtrend. And then here we have a move up, then a move down. We take the highest point of those
two. Boom. We get a break up. Now we're in an uptrend. Okay, that's really all I
need you guys to understand for now. Okay, is understand that when we're in when we're in an uptrend, if a low gets
closed underneath, if we get a candle closure underneath the most recent low, then we're now in a downtrend. And if
we're in a downtrend and the most recent high gets closed above, now we're in an uptrend. I don't
want you guys to Hold on. I have to sneeze.
I don't want you guys to try and put no pieces together. I don't want you guys to do any of that. I don't It's not that
deep. You guys know highs, you guys know lows, you guys know trends. And now, you
know, when we're in an uptrend and we see a candle close underneath the most recent low,
it's a break of structure and now we're in a downtrend. And the same thing to
the downside. If we're in a downtrend and we close above the most recent high, if we
get a candle closure above the most recent high, now we're in an uptrend.
Okay? Plain and simple. Super super simple. That's all I want to
 Key Trading Confluences
teach you guys today. Now that you guys understand the base fundamentals of day
trading charts, trends, highs, lows, and time frames, now we can actually get
into the fun stuff. And before you guys get too excited, okay, these are confluences and pieces of strategy that
took a very long time for me to learn. So don't get like too freaked out when
we start going deep into these concepts. take your guys' time with this because someone like me, again, like I was
saying, this isn't going to happen overnight in one single day. If you guys need to space this out and rewatch this
video a couple times or rewind over a couple confluences that you guys may have missed out on, that's okay. I'm
going to try my best to explain these in the most beginner friendly way so that you guys are able to fully grasp these
concepts and understand them in the complete entirety, building off of those
fundamentals that you guys just learned. Again, these are going to be very very very very I can't stress enough the most
important thing when it comes to understanding and predicting with a high probability where price wants to go on a
daily basis. So, if you guys are unable to understand these confluences, do not move to the next one and just say I'll
get back to this later or I'll attempt to figure this out like as time goes on. No, we need to fully understand these
confluences. So, if you guys need to spend more time on this, please do that. I tried to structure these videos so
that they're very I guess you could say like beginner friendly where we we go from like absolute bare minimum and then
we scale up to these highlevel skill sets. So we're going to start off with don't discredit these early concepts
that we're going to start talking about because we're going to jump straight into liquidity and draws on liquidity is
probably the most important confluence that you guys are going to learn. But again, it's one of these fundamentals
that we have to learn and have to understand just like candlesticks, just like time frames, okay? just like
trends, just like highs and lows, and just like breakup structure to be able to then transition that into draws and
liquidity. And then once we can understand draws on liquidity, we'll go a little bit deeper into these more advanced concepts that are going to
expand your guys' knowledge on how to predict price action consistently with a high probability on a daily basis. So
before you guys get into these, just take a deep breath, get your notepad out. Maybe if you guys want to draw these out while we're going over these
videos, that's okay. That will be beneficial for you guys. And again, take your time with each one of these
confluences. If you guys want to split them up daytoday, that's okay. And again, if you guys want to learn these
concepts even more in depth, I have a little link in the description where you guys can be coached and mentored by me.
If you guys are already like halfway through this video and you guys are like, "This is freaking awesome, but I want to get like direct mentorship from
you." There's going to be a link in the description if you guys want to sign up for my day trading blueprint where you guys are going to be able to get on
coaching calls with me and be able to relearn all of these confluences that I'm giving to you guys in this video where if you guys are struggling with
this, you guys are going to be able to ask me and other coaches some questions on how to figure out these confluences
and to structure your strategy in the right way. So, if you guys are struggling with this, maybe you guys consider joining the blueprint because
that's what it's there for to help you guys a little bit more on a more personal level. if something like this, a massive free course, isn't necessarily
getting you guys to where you guys want to go. So, with that being said, let's jump into these confluences. Again, take
your time. I try and go from like bare minimum scaling up to some high elite
level analyzation of price action. So, again, take your time with this. With that being said, let's jump into it.
 Lesson 8: Liquidity pt. 1
That was insane. Drop a little comment below if you guys have been enjoying this. Today, we're talking about, as you guys can tell by the title, liquidity.
Liquidity. Liquidity. Liquidity. Liquidity.
L I Q U I D. Wait. L I Q U I D I T T Y.
Liquidity. Spelling be champion. Just kidding. I dropped out of college.
Anyways, boom. Okay.
Wait. Boom. Okay, so we're going to go over
Damn, this is actually small as [ __ ] Let me make this bigger for you guys. That's what she said for you guys.
Pause. Okay, what it is,
why we need it, and then how we identify it. That's day two. So, Ben, so let's
cover what is liquidity. So, liquidity is just resting orders. Okay.
Whoa. Five. Damn. Nine. We're getting higher and higher.
Okay. So, what is it? It's resting orders. Okay. And this might not make a lot of sense to you guys right now.
Okay. But I just want you guys to understand the concept of it. Not where
it is on a chart. Not Jesus. This game is so [ __ ] long.
Not where it I'm so sweaty, bro. Not where it is on the chart chart, not how to identify it,
just understand the concept itself and why we want to be able to identify it.
And then we'll get into identifying it. And then also way more down the line, we'll talk about how we can use it to
our advantage to be able to take trades and to be able to understand where price wants to go. Okay. So, what is it? It's
literally just resting orders, okay? Whether that be buy orders, whether that be sell orders, whether that be buy
limits, whether that be sell limits, whether that be stop losses, whether that be take profits,
resting orders. And it is on every time
frame and
it is required for the market to move
slash change direction. Okay, so it's resting orders and it lies
on every single time frame. You can find liquidity on every single time frame and you guys will understand that more when
we get into identifying it because believe it or not, you guys already know how to find it because it's one of the
We're going too far because it's one of the concepts. Don't go too far.
It's one of the concepts that I already taught you guys and it's super easy to identify, believe it or not. Um, it
appears on every single time frame and it's required for the market to move slash change direction slash break
structure slash start a new trend slash continue a trend all of that good stuff
because again we need resting orders to be able to fill orders to be able to
make the market move, right? If we can't fill orders then the market can't move. Okay? And that's also why we need it.
Okay? Again, this is going to be a pretty quick
video. Okay, so why do we need it? Why do we even want to know where
liquidity is, where liquidity lies, or why do we even want to understand it in the first place? Because
it determines where
market is drawn towards
and it is required for market to move slash change
direction. Whoa. Okay. So why do we even want to be able
to identify it in the first place? Because it determines where the market is going to draw towards liquidity is
used as like a magnet. Just like a [ __ ] what how can I relate this? Like have you guys ever seen the movie Robots
and that big annoying ass like bowling ball one robot who's mean, who was like
the like the biggest and like the like most goatated robot. And then there's
like that massive swinging magnet thing and he ends up getting sucked up to it.
You guys probably don't remember that, but it's in the chop shop. Y'all remember the chop shop? If you guys
haven't seen your homework tonight is watching the movie Robots. It's an old ass cartoon movie, but it's awesome. Um,
but anyways, why do we need it? Because it determines where the market is drawn
towards. So obviously what are what is our goal when we're trying to trade,
right? Think back to some of our beginning days. What are our main goals? To figure out where price wants to go.
That's our only goal when we're trading is to figure out and be able to accurately predict where price wants to go. So that's a pretty big [ __ ]
thing. If this thing determines where the market is going to draw towards this
should be the center of our attention. This should be the the [ __ ] thing, okay, that gives that we give all of our
attention because it's where market gets drawn towards and it's required for the market to even
move or change direction. So, it's what causes price to go to another price,
causes price to move. It also causes price to change direction. It causes all of the market movements. Okay? So
that is why we need it in order to determine damn
in order to determine where price wants to go. Okay? Because again that is our
main focus. All right? And if we and if our goal is just to make money within trading, we're going to suck ass at
predicting where price wants to go. Because if our only goal is to make money within trading, we're going to
overleverage. We're going to overtrade. And we're not going to enter for any good reason. versus if we just want to
understand where price wants to go and if we just want to predict where price wants to go and we take accurate sound
probable decisions off of that money will just come along with those decisions. So today's going to be really
quick, super simple liquidity, what is it? It's just resting orders and it's on
every single time frame. It's required for the market to move and to change direction. Why do we need it? Why do we
want to be able to spot it, identify on the chart, which we're going to get into next video? Because it determines where
the market is drawn towards or it determines where the market is drawn to where price is drawn towards and it's
required for the market to move and to change direction. So, pretty freaking big deal, this little concept right
here. So, that la wraps up our first little lesson. [ __ ] it. We actually might split
this into three. Um uh
I'll see I'll see how what I want to do here. But anyways, that wraps it up.
Super quick, super simple. Boom. We have the concept. Don't try and look up no
extra video again, guys. Trust me, daddy.
Trust me. I promise you guys, I'm going to make trading so [ __ ]
easy for you guys. Just go one step at a time with me, okay? And maybe you guys are watching this five years from now
and like you're like, "Bet on to the next video. Wrap it up. [ __ ] like chipmunk [ __ ] pipsqueak." Okay, but
for the people that are watching this in real time that are like trying to learn, that are like, "Please, please, please just give us a strategy." Shut the [ __ ]
up. We're going to get there. You guys have to understand this [ __ ] first. Because if you don't understand this [ __ ] first, you're just going to be
forever stuck in the constant cycle of buy signal, buy signal, buy signal. Oh, I want to make money. I want to make money. I don't even give a [ __ ] where
Price wants to go. Okay? And then I'm going to scream and punch all of you guys in the face when I meet you.
And we don't want that. It would be fun for me,
but we do not want that. And I want you guys to turn into profitable traders. So, it takes one little itsybitsy one 1%
better every single day. In fact, if you guys are watching this 5 years later, it's probably better if you guys take
the [ __ ] one step at a time, too. And just like don't [ __ ] don't like just get through like the next 50 videos in a
single night and then just all just try and trade it all at once. It's going to
be way too much information versus if you just take this one step at a time, trust me, it'll be super beneficial.
 Lesson 9: Liquidity pt. 2
Today we are going to be talking about identifying it or where it lies, where
liquidity lies on the chart. Um, and no, we're not going to be talking about liquidity sweeps. We're
we are just going to be talking about liquidity in general. Okay? And you're probably thinking, "What? That doesn't
make any sense." Like, what? I want to trade liquidity sweeps. That's all you trade. That's every single trade recap
you're talking about. Liquidity sweep. I know, little Billy, but guess what? You
need to wait a [ __ ] second because you don't even know anything right now. We're on day 11 of you learning how to
trade. So, with that being said, we're just Today is going to be another relatively short day. All of these
concepts are going to be relatively short days until we put that [ __ ] together. BR, that's going to be a long
day. That's going to be like an hour. I'll probably split that [ __ ] into like
three 1-hour segments to put that [ __ ] together for you guys. But right now, like the concepts themselves, they
should be easy because they are pretty easy to understand. And that's my goal to make this [ __ ] really easy to
understand for you guys. So, without further ado, let's jump into the chart work and start talking about where
liquidity lies. So, if we think back to
I'm not even going to pull out the Google doc, but if we think back to what
liquidity is, right? It's resting orders or air a price range where orders can
get filled. Okay? And we think about why we need it. It's because that's where orders get filled. And that's and
liquidity is what moves the market. It's what causes the market to change direction. It's what literally makes the
market move on every single time frame. So there's liquidity on the one minute, there's liquidity on the 5m minute, 15,
1 hour, weekly, daily, monthly. Um there's liquidity throughout all of
that. And there's constant fills of these price ranges where liquidity lies,
filling of these resting orders to make the market move the way that it does. So
with that knowledge, we want to figure out where do these orders lie? Where
could potential resting orders be? Well, let's think about this in just a super
basic manner, okay? If we're in an uptrend,
okay? And we think about just how a trend
moves, okay? Higher highs and higher lows, right?
Most beginner traders or retail traders, they like they're taught, luckily you
guys are being taught by me, but they're taught that like when you see an uptrend, you wait for a high to get
pushed past and then you enter into a long. Okay, so we know that, okay, there's
going to be people entering into buys when highs get pushed above.
Okay, what else is happening? Well, in a downtrend, most people put their stop losses above
highs, right? So, thankfully, there's a lot of [ __ ] idiots who think uptrends are
also downtrends, you know? Like, luckily, that was one of
the first things that we taught you guys, so you guys don't get confused with that. But in turn, those idiots
maybe they see a downtrend on a smaller time frame. Maybe we're on the hourly time frame and they're on the 5minute
and they see a downtrend, whatever. But because of that, there's also stop losses above these highs. So people are
pressing by when these highs get pushed above. And also people are getting
forced out of their sell positions that they were in because of their stop losses above these highs. And if we
think about how a stock exchange works, when we're shorting a stock, in order to
exit, we have to buy those shares back at either a higher price or a lower price.
Most of the time, we're trying to get a lower price because we're shorting. Okay?
So, when these people are shorting the market and they get stopped out, what do they have to do? They have to buy those
shares back. So now there's two sets of resting orders of people
buying. Okay, we have people who are getting stopped out from their short
positions and we're also getting people going just purely long after these highs
get broken above. So now we see, damn,
lots of orders get filled above highs. H. Isn't that pretty nifty?
Okay, now let's think about a downtrend. Let's think about lows. Well, when let's
do it reverse. When we're in an uptrend and we are going long, where do we usually put our stop loss
underneath lows? And again, there's idiots.
So sometimes we're in downtrends and people try and long these little
retracements and they have their stop loss underneath these lows.
So what happens when that stop loss gets hit, they have to
sell their shares back at a lower price, right? They probably
went long somewhere within here and then boom, their stop loss gets hit. They exit the position at a lower price price
price causing them to have to short, right? It's it's it's an exchange or
sell, right? They entered into buys, they have to sell it back at a lower price, losing money. And then at the
same time in a downtrend, when people or retail traders see lows
get pushed below again downtrend, what do they do? They
enter into shorts. So, wow. We can see that highs
and lows are typically where a lot of orders are
filled. Above highs and below lows.
So bingo. There you go. We figured out where liquidity is. It resides above highs and below lows. Now, something to
keep in mind though, because we're talking about the banks or the institutions, the algorithm, whatever,
to fill these massive amounts of orders, okay? Because we're talking about that,
we don't [ __ ] know where they're going to fill those orders. We just know
that there's a possibility for them to enter into those orders
above highs and below lows. So, it's just a probability thing. Okay? So, when
we see an uptrend, we're not like seeing a high and instantly being like short it, right? Because then we would be
stupid because then then price would look like this
and it would like be like the worst endless cycle of like liquidity sweep
like just a constantly expanding consolidation like that, right? And
that's not how it works, right? Because we we see price move in trends,
higher highs and higher lows. So we know that okay there there was potential for
orders sell orders to be filled here because there's so many people going long right if we understand that there's
resting buy orders here again this market is an exchange
there are resting buy orders here a [ __ ] ton of them right because there's people going short they're going to get stopped
out and there's also people going long when this high gets pushed above Wouldn't
that be the perfect opportunity for the market
to fill its sell orders, right? Because we're playing against the house. The
house always wins. The house is built to beat us.
So, how does the house beat us? By going by literally going the [ __ ] against us. There's they see, oh, there's a [ __ ] ton
of buy orders resting above highs. So when this high gets pushed above, what
does that give them the the opportunity to do? Short it. They can fill their
massive amounts of sell orders and cause a change of direction. Cause
those breakup structures that you guys see or I were identifying on the chart and start a downtrend.
But does that mean they're they're going to short at every single high? Does that mean they're s filling sell orders at
every single high? And does that mean they're filling buy orders at every single low? No.
But we know there's just some sort of probability that it could happen.
Okay. So, I want to go into the chart and I don't want to get too ahead of ourselves, but I just want to go into
identifying this. And we can see this pretty frequently within pretty much like every freaking
time frame, okay? If you if you really try and really want to do that.
Okay? So, like again, I don't want to get too into this, but we see an uptrend here, right?
Moving higher highs, higher lows, right? There's a high right here, a low right here, high right here, low right here.
And then look at this candle.
What does it do? Or if we even go into the lower time frame, we can see. Wow.
What does this look like? Buy orders getting filled underneath
these lows. What is this big dick of a candle thrusting to the thrusting to the
downside underneath these lows? Do
it gives the market opportunity to fill buy
orders. Why? Because people have to sell. People have to
people get stopped out of their buy orders. Let's say they press buy right here because they're like, "Oh my god,
it's forming an uptrend on the fiveminute. We don't give a fuck." Okay, people press buy right here and their
stop loss is underneath these lows. So, what does the market do? Mink, give me those.
No more buy orders for you. You have to sell and you have to sell for us to buy.
And then also, what does that do? I'm sure a lot of you guys, if you guys saw this big black candlestick breaking
this support zone, y'all are pressing [ __ ] sell. Y'all
are like, "Oh my god, it's going to go down because it broke the support, idiot. Market's going long."
But again, if we zoom out because I again, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. If we zoom out on the hourly
time frame, we can see that we were in an uptrend.
Okay, let's find more examples of this. We can even find it on the weekly time frame.
Look at this. We're in a downtrend, right? We see a breakup structure right here. We see a high right here. Boom.
And like this is how manipulative the market gets. Okay, this was like
all-time highs, okay, before we had like our mini freaking recession during like
started in 21 all the way till like 22 23. Um, okay, we see a break of
structure on the weekly and then we see, oh, this nice little high is made right here and then, oh my gosh, the markets
we're we just made a monthly retrace. We We can't wait to get our economy back.
Psyche. You're my liquidity.
Because what was every single dumbass doing when they saw these highs get
pushed above? They were going long. And what did all the people who thought they
were smartasses by shorting this leg down, who have their stop losses above here, what were
they forced to do when this goes above there? They're forced
to buy back those shares at a higher price causing
them to get stopped out, right? Because that's how the exchange works. They have to buy back those shares. So there's two
forms of buyers here. people who are getting stopped out and then also idiots who are going long and also idiots who
are going short on this. And then what does that give the market the opportunity to do? Fill sell orders and
[ __ ] the bed.
Okay. I don't know how political we can get on
here. Um we all remember what happened around January, February in 2020. that
big spooky thing. So scary. If we look at the monthly time frame, let's really
think about how manipulative um the people in charge, the market
makers are. Wow.
Ain't that convenient? Ain't ain't this thing right here that
little scary thing that made us lock our doors forever
and made people lose jobs and made people lose loved ones.
Isn't that [ __ ] convenient that it comes down,
sweeps monthly lows and fills a bunch of buy orders and
stops out a bunch of people who were going long throughout all of this. and
also caused every person to be so [ __ ]
scared that they ended up shorting the stock market.
And wasn't that just the best buying opportunity for the market makers and for all the people in charge?
Like if that doesn't show why liquidity is important, like like two months, I'm we know that
[ __ ] lasted longer than two months. They just needed to hit a little pump
and dump on your headpiece so they could capitalize and push price all the way up
to alltime highs. So now hopefully you guys realize why
this [ __ ] is important. cuz
you can see through lies with the chart. There's a reason why I I mean I'm not
even going to get [ __ ] political with the shits, but there's a reason why I never
entertained any of this [ __ ] because I saw this and I saw through the [ __ ]
And that's the awesome thing about charts.
Charts do not lie ever. And we can see through that by seeing liquidity. So all
that I want you guys to take away from that today is liquidity lies above highs, right? Because what happens
is a bunch of people goes go long. Do we want to go long when there's like a
potential sweep? Well, no, because the market's looking to go short or has the potential to go
short. And then same thing in a downtrend.
Okay, we know that there's a bunch of people who are going to go short. Why? Because there's stop losses underneath lows for people who have to sell who
have to sell their shares at a lower price. And there's also people who are going to go short because they it's in a
downtrend. And do we want to be a part of the [ __ ] crowd? No, sir. We want to be
part of the [ __ ] market makers. We want to be on the winning side of
things. So, do we press buy every time we see a low get pushed underneath? Hell no. Y'all aren't even there to learning
even how to confirm that this shit's a sweep, but we just need to be able to identify
and just understand. Boom. You guys understand it. Liquidity lies above highs and below lows. That's where the
majority of orders are going to get filled. Cool. And that's where price is
typically drawn to towards. It's drawn towards highs and it's drawn towards lows. Cool. I awesome. Nice. We are
going to be talking about order [ __ ] Order blocks and order [ __ ] Okay. So,
similar to liquidity, I'm going to be talking
or just type bro. My brain is fried.
Okay, we are going to be talking about order blocks. All right, just typing [ __ ] out. And day one or part one is
just going to be explaining them, understanding how they work, understanding how they're useful for us. So again, today's going to be rather
quick and then I will do part two of this and we can talk about where to
identify them um and keep it simple as that. I want to do this a little bit differently than I did the boot camp.
The main goal is to introduce all of these topics. So, like what I did with the boot camp was like liquidity sweeps,
break of structure. Let's see how we can use those two together to determine where price goes. We're not going to do
that. What we're going to do is we're going to lay out each tool in front of you guys, not tell you how to use it yet
because I'm sure a lot of you guys have already tried to use the [ __ ] And if you have, it's like, bro, what do
I even waste my time and my hours doing if I'm never going to turn anybody
profitable? But for the people that do listen, this will
be [ __ ] awesome. So, the goal is just to lay the tools out in front of you before we put them into action. And then
once you have a good understanding of the tools and why we want to use them and how to use them and how to identify
them, then we can start building our first house. Okay. So, first things
first, order blocks. What even are they? Okay.
Say price range where large orders were able to be filled.
Okay. And let's think back to let's not even think about that
actually. Let's price range where large orders were able
to be filled. Okay. So if we think order block boom perfect representation a
block price to price of range price range
where a lot of orders were able to be filled. and cause the market to
change direction. Boom. Okay, it's a price range where
large orders were able to be filled and caused price or market to change direction,
break structure, all that good stuff. Okay. Boom. That's what it is. Simple.
Simple enough. Okay. Why we want we use it slash
Why do we want to use it? Slash How does it benefit
us? Is the order [ __ ] in the room with us?
Is the order [ __ ] are you seeing it in your dreams or is it actually real? TJR.
Well, I don't know. I see it every morning. Where where where
do you see the ordercock? Where is the order [ __ ]
Well, I see it every morning on market open.
Okay. Anyways, why do we want to use it? How
does it benefit us? Okay. Well, let's think about what it is. It's a price range where large orders were able to be
filled and caused market market to change direction. So, why would we want to use this or let's reverse this? How
does it benefit us? Let's talk about that first. Well, we know for a fact if
if large amount of orders Let's move
Okay, so sorry I just had to go edna mode on the
um but why do how does it benefit us and why do we want to or why do we want to know how to use it? Okay, if if a large
amount of orders were able to get filled within that price range, right, we see it get made, we see an
order block get created, okay, if price revisits that area,
it's more than likely that because there was so many orders that were able to get
filled before, it's likely that there will be availability for us to fill even
more orders in the same direction. So we know that price will likely if we
see a rejection, right? If price comes up to that price range and then we see
like buying power out of it or like selling power out of it, whatever type of order block it is, bearish or
bullish, right? Up or down. If we see a rejection off of it,
we'll likely know that, hey, price was able to fill even more of those orders
because that's a high quality price range where a bunch of orders were
filled beforehand to change the market direction in the first place. So when we revisit
that area and then we see right so if we have
ah I don't even want to give this away but okay
we have our order block right we see that this is where the orders were filled that
caused price to change direction I don't even want to get into this because this will be tomorrow but if we come in and
revisit this and then we see more selling power come out of that we
see rejection out of that. It's pretty safe to assume that even more orders were filled within here. The price is
going to continue lower and go in the same direction as those orders that were filled previous.
Cool. Cool. And there we go. That is ordercock.
Okay. Ordercock explained. Order blocks explained. All right. All right y'all.
Welcome to order blocks part two. So anyways, if you guys remember from
yesterday, we talked about uh what they are and why they're useful to us, how we
can benefit from them, how why we need them. Okay, so we'll do a quick over overview of it. What are they? Okay,
it's a price range, right? Order block. Okay, it's a price range where a large amount of orders are able to get filled
that change price direction or cause market to move. Okay. So, with that in
mind, oh, and sorry. And why do we want to
know where to identify them within the chart? Well, it's safe to say that if
this is our little price range, this a horrible box. If this is our little price range where large orders were able
to get filled before causing price to move or change direction,
safe to assume that if price revisits this price range and sees selling power
out of it, if it's a bearish order block, then price is going to continue in that direction. And then similarly,
if price revisits a bullish order block and we see buying pressure out of it, it's pretty safe to assume that more buy
orders were able to get filled within here. And price is going to continue to the upside. So with that knowledge, now
let's figure out how to spot them within a chart. And again, we're not going over how to take trades off of them. We are
just going over how to identify them. Okay. So where do order blocks appear?
Order blocks appear. Where do large orders get filled? Large orders get filled. Where liquidity lies? Oo, we're
combining tools. We're actually could combine two tools, liquidity sweeps and order blocks or liquidity sweeps and
break of structure to be able to find order blocks today. So, boom, we're using our tools now. Okay. If we know
that large orders, right, if we think about liquidity and change of direction
within the market, we know that large orders could potentially be filled above highs and below lows.
We also can know that those large orders are are filled by seeing price push
above highs and then seeing a break of structure
after pushing above those highs changing market direction.
So then what does that make this this leg up that causes that liquidity sweep
that causes those orders to be filled? What is this price range? Ding, ding, ding. It's an order block. Okay, so the
leg up that sweeps liquidity
that causes the breaker structure to the downside that causes all those sell orders to be able to get filled is our
order block. And when we see it revisited and then selling power out of it, it's safe to assume that price can
move further to the downside. Now, same thing in the other direction when we see lows
get swept. And how do we know they're swept? When we see a breakup structure.
And then what does it what does that make this price range? An order block.
Because a bunch of buy orders were able to get filled on this sweep to the
downside. And then from there we see price come down, revisit that area, and
if we see buying power out of it, it's safe to assume that price is going to continue higher.
Okay, so all order blocks are when it's a bullish order block, it's
the leg down that causes the liquidity sweep. The move down, just the move
down. Okay, when we're going to get into this and I'm going to [ __ ] yell at you because a lot of people are super freaking stupid and it makes me want to
scream. It's just the leg down. It's not any of the move up. It's just the leg down that causes the sweep.
And how do we know it's a sweep? When we see the breaker structure,
same thing to the upside. Okay, it's the leg up. No, it's not it's
not this move down. It's the leg up. that causes the sweep. How do we know it
was a sweep? Because it breaks structure right after that. Okay. And it's the price range
from the leg up. Cool. Let's go into the chart and start
identifying those. Okay, let's look at this.
We see on the weekly time frame, perfect example, we see price move up, sweep
these highs when it was in an uptrend.
Then what happened? Price breaks structure, changes its trend to the downside by closing
underneath that low. Then what does that make this the leg up
from here up to here? That is the order block. Why? Because
it's the only the move up. We don't count the [ __ ] move down. It's only the move up.
Okay, the move up that causes the sweep. How do we know it's a sweep? because we
break these lows and change market structure that we already learned about. And then what does price do? We revisit
the area. We see selling pressure out of it. Price continues lower. Okay, let's see another example right here. It's
another example. Okay, we see a low within a downtrend, right? How do we
know it's a downtrend? Because we broke structure right here. We're moving down. Okay, move down, then a move up. We find
the lowest point of those two lows. Okay, we see a leg down
and then we see a break of structure. How do we know it's a break of structure? Because this is the high move up then a move down.
We close above it. What happens to price? It revisits the
leg down. The move down, not the move up. We don't
include the move up. Just the move down that caused the sweep where those orders were filled. What does price do? It
revisits. We see buying pressure out. Price continues higher. And this can be seen on every single time frame along
with every single other tool that I give you guys during this trading transformation.
Every single one of these tools can be found on every single one of these time frames. Another cool thing. Okay, we saw
this get filled into this order block, but we made another one. How do we know that? Okay, we have a high right here. Move up, then a move down. Okay, we see
price push above that. We also saw price okay move up then a move down. This is a
high. We broke structure to the upside right on this. So we were in a mini
uptrend for the time being on the weekly. But then what happens? We come up. We sweep these highs. How do we know
it's a valid sweep? Because we end up breaking structure with this
candle. Where's the move up that caused the sweep? It's from this low all the way up
to this high. It's the whole move up. What do we see?
Price revisits it. We see selling pressure out of it. Price moves lower.
Craziness. Look at this. On the monthly time frame, we were in a downtrend. How do we know
we were in a downtrend? Because move down then a move up. Cool. This is a low. We got a break of structure. Awesome. We were in a downtrend.
We see a low. We see a move down. Then
when do we finally see a break of structure? Right here with this candlestick, we see a break of structure to the upside.
Where was the move down that caused this sweep
from here down to here? What does price do? It breaks structure.
It revisits that area. Revisits the order block. We see buying
pressure out of it. Price continues higher. Um, let's try and find some more
examples right here. More examples. We were in a in a
downtrend right here. Okay, we see boom.
Uh, I don't really like this example because the the sweep is on an up candle.
I take that back. I don't want to use that example. That was actually that weekly example that we used.
Oh yeah, this one's hilarious. Look at this. Remember when I was
talking about this one on liquidity sweeps, the conspiracy theory, the little scary sickness?
Yeah, this one. This one was hilarious. Look what it made. What do we do?
We come down. We sweep out these lows. sweep out all these lows. When do we see
a break of structure back to the upside? Right here. Where's the move down that caused the
sweep? Right here. We see the break to the upside right here. We see price revisit. We see buying power out of it.
Price continues higher. So freaking funny.
See if I can find any on the lower time frames. Cut harder to spot on the lower time
frame just because there's so many highs and lows. It's a bit harder to track. Okay, this
one's a decent one. All right, we had lows over here.
Or we could even just say this low right here. Okay, we see the leg down
that caused the sweep. Boom. We see the break
of these highs with this candle. We see the the move down that caused
the sweep. We see price revisit it. We see buying pressure out of it.
Price continues higher. This was one.
We see we were in an uptrend. We see these highs pushed above.
Then we see boom break structure to the downside.
See the low right here. We see the break. Where is the move up?
That caused the sweep. We see price barely poke its head on in there.
Move down. Price continues lower. Okay. I think I've shown enough examples for
us to understand this. Okay. The easiest thing that you guys
can do is just draw this out. Right? Boom. Boom. Boom. This is our order
block. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Right. This is the sweep. Okay, this right here
is our order block. Got it. Cool. Should have been
pretty smooth. With that being said, I think we covered order blocks. If you
guys need help covering it again, re-watch this video, re-watch any of the other videos that I have on it, and
let's keep moving. Okay, good job. All right, guys. Welcome to another little
video. So today we are going to be talking about fair value gaps and per usual we are going to introduce these
guys first by talking about what they are and why they are beneficial to us. So without further ado
value gaps slash imbalances. Okay, you guys will hear me talk about
both of these. It's pretty much the same [ __ ] I I really there's no reason for
me to use any different name for them. That's literally just how that [ __ ]
goes. I end up just saying the names like interchangeably. So whenever you
hear fair value gap, whenever you hear imbalance, it's pretty much the same [ __ ] Okay, so first of all, what are
they? Okay, so the reason why I like to say imbalances is because it's an
imbalance of market orders. Okay. And
okay, that's kind of as simple as I could put it. So, it's an imbalance of market orders and
it's a price range that lacks orders in the opposite direction of market sentiment. So, when we go into
identifying them, it'll be a lot more obvious where you guys will see what I'm
talking about, but for the time being, just try and understand this, okay? It's an imbalance of market orders, meaning
there's a lot more buy orders or there's a lot more sell orders than buy orders. There's a lot more buy orders than sell
orders and it's a price range again that lacks orders in the opposite direction
of the market sentiment. So again, if we see just like a huge influx in price and
we make an imbalance, that price range typically lacks orders, right? So if we
see a bunch of buy orders and we see an imbalance get formed, that price range will typically lack a lot of sell
orders. Okay? Okay. And same thing if we see a big rip down.
Okay. If we see a big rip down that price range and we make an imbalance, that
price range typically lacks buy orders. Okay. So, why is this beneficial?
This is going to be a quick one.
Why is this beneficial to us? Well, first of all, if we know,
well, let me just write it out first.
Damn.
Why is this beneficial to us? if price revisits that price range. So again,
let's say we see a big rip up and we see an imbalance get formed and we know that that imbalance is lacking sell orders
and we see price revisit that price range where there's a huge imbalance where there's a lack of sell orders
within there and we see price revisit that area and we see buying power out of
that range with the same market sentiment. Right? So if market ripped
up, we see an imbalance, we revisit that and then we see buying power out, right? That's the same sentiment with overall
market bias or market direction. We can assume that more buy orders were filled
within there and price will be able to continue in the direction that it was going because more buy orders were
filled within that imbalance where a lack of sell orders were. Make sense?
And that's all it is. That's why it's beneficial to us. And this it helps us predict where the market wants to
continue to go. And you guys will see a lot more information on that when we talk about identifying them. Okay. But
for now, we just need to understand it. Okay. for value gaps
whoa are an imbalance of market orders and it's a price range that lacks orders
in the opposite direction of market sentiment. And why is that beneficial to us? Because when or if
price revisits that price range with the lack of orders and then we see buying
power or selling power out of that range with the same market sentiment, right?
Like either that rip up or that rip down, we can assume that more orders were filled and price will continue in
that direction that price was going. So this is like a continuation confluence.
Okay. and we'll see when we put everything together how this can benefit us.
Okay, this is a super super useful tool.
Okay, now different than liquidity, right? And this is something
I should have mentioned about order blocks as well. Liquidity can be used as a draw, as like
a magnet for where price wants to go to, right? because it's seeking to fill orders versus this and order blocks are
continuation confluences. Meaning when we seek liquidity and we
fill orders, right, we're we're constantly seeking those highs and lows within the market
to keep filling orders to keep the market moving. versus these
are just continuation confluences meaning they don't necessarily have to
get hit to keep market going in the direction right that's how why I said if price
revisits that price range and we see buying and selling power out of it right because it's just the
possibility most of the time does it happen yeah but sometimes it won't happen okay this is just extra extra
confluence that price is going to continue in the direction that it was going in the first place. And I'll
explain more on that when we get into identifying these things. Okay? But for
the time being, this is what I want you guys to understand. It's an imbalance of market
orders. It's either lacking buy orders or lacking sell orders depending on what
direction that big move up or down was. Okay. And if price revisits that price
range where we saw the lack of buy or sell orders and we see buying power or
selling power out of that range, you know, depending on what the market
sentiment was, we can assume more orders were filled and price will continue in
the direction that it was going. Cool. Continuation confluence. Order block is also a continuation confluence. Um,
something I forgot to mention. We'll go ahead and cover that super quick right now. So, same thing, right? We know that
boom, this leg up is the order block. Does price have to does is price needing
to come back up in here in this price range to fill those orders? No. But if
it does, and if we see selling power out of that, we can assume that more sell
orders were filled and price is going to continue in the direction to the downside. It's the same thing with
imbalances and fair value gaps. Okay, same thing to the downside or
sorry to the upside. We see the sweep. This is the order block, right? This leg
down. Do we have to revisit this price range? No. Price could just
move higher and higher and higher if that liquidity sweep was all it needed. But if price revisits this area and if
we see buying or selling power or in this case buying power out of it,
we can assume that price is going to continue higher. Cool. Cool. Okay. So that being said,
fair value gaps day one part one locked in, strapped up. We're good to go. All
right. Fair value gaps and imbalances. So we talked about what they are. We talked about why they're useful for us.
Okay, now let's get into identifying them. Okay, so what I want you guys to
understand is a imbalance and a fair value gap can be identified by three
candlesticks. That's how how we identify it. It's a three candlestick pattern. Okay, we're going to draw it out and
then we're going to go into identifying them. Jeez, that was horrible. And then we're going to go into identifying them
on the chart. Okay. So, I'm going to
van Go these little drawings for you guys right now and we're going to jump right in. So,
a imbalance is a three candlestick pattern. Okay, so there's three candles
and the easiest way to identify it is usually it's a big ass move to the
upside or a big ass move to the downside. Okay. Does that always qualify
it to be an imbalance? No, not necessarily. Sometimes there can be an itsy-bitsy price range that an imbalance
is within. Okay. But typically we can see it like the easiest by seeing that
there's a big ass move, right? Because when when we think back to how we identify them or what they even are,
there's an imbalance. There is a lack of either buy or sell orders.
Okay, which is what causes that big ass move to the upside or that big ass move
to the downside because there's no orders going in the opposite direction of where price wants to go, right? So,
and again, if price revisits that area, then it can do good things for us and it can help us
figure out where price wants to go. So, with that being said, let's talk about identifying it and then we'll get more into that. So, boom, three candlestick
pattern. We have our first candle. Okay, we have our second candle. This is the
candle that pretty much creates the imbalance. And then we have our third candle. Okay, how do we identify where
an imbalances? Okay, a bullish fair value gap or a bullish imbalance,
we mark it up. We mark it out. We mark it out
with the top of the first candle's wick.
Okay? and the bottom of the third candle's wick. This is a bullish imbalance.
Why is that? Well, if we look at these three candles, we can see, okay, this
candlestick, ooh, one wick up, but then boom, selling pressure down. So, we know that there's sell orders within here,
right? We know that sell orders, price got up here, and sell orders push price back down.
And then the next candle, boom, big rip through here. Okay, price stops right up
here. Sell orders push it down. We close. Then we see this candle get formed. We see sell orders push down
till here. But then buy orders buy it back up.
What does this mean? This means that there were no sell orders within this
price range, right? Because we don't see any wicks going into this. If we did,
right? If this candlestick, if this candlestick's wick went up here, then we
would know that there was there there were resting sell orders that were able
one when price pushed up to be able to push price back down and close right here. Same thing with this candle. If
this candle's wick was even lower, then we would know that, okay, price had
sell orders to push all the way back down here.
Okay. So, when we identify this, we need to look where the wicks are not and we need to see that that move through it.
Okay. Where there's just empty space. It's literally a gap, fair value gap.
Okay. Within here, there are no sell orders.
Now, let's talk about in the other direction.
Okay. I wish I could just flip this upside down. We'll do another Van Go for you guys. A bearish imbalance.
Boom. Huge leg down.
A bearish imbalance. We identify it from the first candle's bottom wick to
the third candle's top wick. Okay? And it's just the opposite way
around. Okay? Okay, so within this price range, we know that there are no buy
orders, right? Because we see sell orders pushing down and then right here, there were buy orders that were able to
push price back up here, which is what made us this wick, right? Because this
is where price has been. Okay, then we see boom, big rip down. We see it flood
through this price because there's no resting buy orders to cause any hesitation through this area. Next
candle opens, we see price push up, but there's no buy orders. If there were,
then price probably would have kept pushing, but there's since there's no buy orders within this price range, we
got till here, stopped, and went back down.
Cool. Makes sense. Now again, how is this beneficial to us?
Let's think back to yesterday. If price revisits this area
and then we see buying power out of it, we can safely assume that price is going
to continue in in that direction higher,
right? Because we see, oh, there's a lack of sell orders within here. And then when price gets back
into this price range and then we see buying orders or buying power get out of it, what can we assume? We can assume
that more buy orders were filled within here. And since there's a lack of sell orders, price is going to move higher.
Same thing over here. When we see price revisit a bearish fair value gap and we
see sell orders and or we see selling power coming out
of it, we know that there's a lack of resting buy orders within here and we
can see that okay, there's selling power coming out. So, we know sell orders were filled.
What does that mean? Price will likely continue down in the same direction that
it was going. Okay. Let's talk about what a fair value gap
is not because we could have a huge candlestick
like this. But if this candle's wick is up here and this candle's wick is down here, do we have a gap? Do we have an
imbalance? No. Right. It would be from this candle's top wick to this candle's down wick and
oh wait that like our our box would be inverted. Wait, what? What? It would be inverted.
There's nothing there's no box to be made on that. There's no gap.
Okay. So, and if that's the case, there's nothing to even mark out. Same thing over here. If we see this
candlestick's wick go down here and this candlestick's wick go up here,
boom. Boom. There's no box to draw because
these wicks overlap. Okay, we need that gap and that lack of
sell or buy orders. All right, now let's go into identifying it on the chart
and then I honestly think we'll just leave you guys with that for now.
Okay, so again, this is one of those things where there's going to be a lot of these on the chart, right? If we just
look within here. Boom. Fair value gap here. Boom. Fair value gap here.
Boom. Fair value gap right here. Boom. Fair value gap right here. Right?
We could go on forever. Do these always have to get filled? No. Because if that were the case and price would just be b
like going nowhere. But are they useful for if price wants
to revisit that price range and we say see selling or buying power out of it?
Is that a pretty decent confluence? Yes, 100%. Okay, so with that in mind, let's
go ahead and try and identify some of these and show it working out. Oh, this is a
decent one. Okay, so again, I don't even want you guys to be trying to put [ __ ] together like, oh, liquidity sweep,
breakup structure, fair value gap, shut the [ __ ] up. Okay, let's not get into that right now. Let's just get into what
we're focusing on, and that's identifying fair value gaps. Okay, so where is a fair value gap? This is a bearish fair value gap. again
cuz the reason why like if you guys use this and you're just like I'm just going to spot a random fair value gap
everywhere and take a trade off that you are going to be the worst trader of all time if
you're only taking trades off of just fair value gaps getting pushed into and then like buying or selling power out of
it. Again, this is a continuation confluence. Let's wait until we have our entire toolbox to start taking full-on
trades. Okay, but we see boom, huge dick down. Okay, massive black candle,
bearish imbalance. Why? We see this candlestick wick. We see this candlestick wick. There's a gap.
We mark it out from the low to the high. What do we see price do? We see price push in there. And then we see price
boom, push right back out. Selling power out of it. price continues lower.
Let's look right here. Okay, we see a bullish fair value gap from this wick up
to this wick. Okay, you're probably saying, "Oh, well, this wick went down." Well, yeah, obviously it filled the
freaking fair value gap. Listen.
Okay, we see price. Revisit it.
Are you paying attention? Didn't think so. Lock the [ __ ] in. Okay,
we take it from this wick. We take it from the top wick of the first candle to the bottom wick of the third candle.
If prei if if price wants to revisit this area,
which it did, and we get buying power out of it, cool. We can assume that price is going to move higher. What did
price do? It revisited it. Revisited it.
Got buying power out of it with this bullish close. And I'll talk about how we can identify like more of like buying
power after this. But boom, we see this bullish close. Price continues higher.
Okay. Um. Let's find more examples. They're
literally all over the place right here.
Okay, we see boom, huge candle, right? That's like the easiest way to talk about them. We actually have two right
here. Okay, this just goes to show that not every single fair value gap is going to get filled.
You know, relate that to life however you want. Not every fair value gap is going to get filled.
You won't be able to fill every fair value gap, but you got to take your shots
when you're when you're open. Bullish fair value gap. Bullish fair value gap. Price
pushes in. We see bullish confirmation out of it or buying power out of it. Okay, price continues higher.
Same thing right here. Right? This is all I want you guys to do. just be [ __ ] quick scoping these freaking
fair value gaps. Okay, bullish fair value gap right here. Oh, what's this bullish fair value gap? How do I know? There's not a freaking wick covering the
[ __ ] up. Okay, you know what's not a fair value gap? Just all of these like
pubic hair looking wicks everywhere. We don't This is nothing that This is
nothing that we're teaching today. This is see these big ass gaps.
Okay, this is a bearish for a value gap from
this wick down to here. From this wick
down to here. You're probably saying, "Well, TJR, it got filled and then we saw it go down."
Because I know some of you guys are saying that [ __ ] right now. What did we say? We're just trying to
identify them, not learning how to take a trade because right now
the [ __ ] like if you guys just tried to take a trade off of fair value gaps, you
would lose billions every single day. You would lose all of
your money ever.
Okay. So, let's lock in again. Right. Why didn't it work? Shut
up. It's going to work later. Just listen right now. Please.
Please. Please. It's all I ask. Please listen right now. Okay. Do you guys get
the gist? You guys get this? Okay.
Bullish fair value gap, three candle pattern. You take it from the top of the first candle's wick to the bottom of the
third candle's wick. And if the wicks overlap, it's not even a thing. Bearish fair value gap. You take the bottom wick
of the first candle to the top wick of the third candle and if the wicks overlap, there's nothing to
see. Cool. That's all we need to know. All we need to know is how to identify the shits. We got it. It's a cool box.
I have I have show and tell. Okay, go make a bunch of cool boxes and go show
your mom and dad and clap it up for yourself. You learned
another tool. All right. Today we're going to be going over imbalances and how invalidations of
them can either one invalidate a trade idea or two validate a new trade idea,
which is kind of like my take on a inverse fair value gap. I don't really believe in inverse fair value gaps, but
I do believe in a fair value gap getting invalidated as a confluence. So today's
going to be pretty simple. You guys already know about fair value gaps. Today we're going to be talking about invalidation of fair value gaps. How
that can invalidate a trade simply by a fair value gap literally just getting invalidated by a closure underneath it
or a closure above closure above it. And then we can also talk about how invalidations of fair value gaps can be
used to raise up baby ground. Okay, let me lock in. Um, okay. This is a good one
right here. Again, this isn't necessarily our execution time frame, but this is a good example of it right
here. We get a sweep of liquidity. We get a break of structure. Okay. And then we have a fair value gap right here.
Okay. So, this can do one of a couple things. We see this breakup structure
right here, right? And then we see the fair value gap get formed. So, imagine we're on like the 15-minute or the 5m
minute and we're like, "Okay, bet. This is where we want to enter." Obviously, if we get a closure above this, okay,
maybe there's other confluences, okay? Like we have this breaker right here. Okay, yes, it gets respected off of
this, okay, and yes, we have this order block, and yes, it gets respected off of this as well, but then boom, it gets
invalidated afterwards, but we also invalidate this fair value
gap. Okay, so I mean, it's literally as simple as like
it just closes above it. So that's that's the first way, right? Just purely invalidation of a fair value gap. Boom.
Right here. Okay. But let's say so that's that's in the downside direction.
Now let's say that our bias was bullish on this. Okay. So boom, there's invalidation one where it's just like
purely the fair value gap gets invalidated and we're no longer going to take a trade off of it. That's the one
use of it where we literally just get a closure of above it and then it's like, "Okay, scrap that fair value gap. It's
not working for us." Okay. And then the second use is where we can potentially use it for a confluence for entry. Okay.
So, and again, I'm not that big of a fan of like inverse fair value gaps where you have to wait for it to come back
down in and like get it tapped into. I'm more of a fan of it just like a bearish fair for a value gap getting invalidated
when our bias is bullish and we close above it invalidating that bearish for value gap. So let's say that our bias
was bullish and we see [ __ ] it. Let's see like we sweep out
these hourly lows. We sweep out these hourly lows and let's say like we already have a bunch of confluences. We
break structure and there's a bearish fair value gap right here. Imagine we already broke hourly structure within
here. Let's say there there's like a breakup structure right here, okay? And we're looking for confluences. We
can use an invalidation of a bearish fair value gap um as a bullish confluence. Okay? So
let's say we already have our breakup structure and then boom, we get a closure above here. That can be a reason for entry. So again, let's say we
already have our breakup structure. This can be a reason for entry and we can even put our stops underneath
that bearish that old bearish fair value gap because again it could be used for a
inverse fair value gap even though I'm like in my eyes an inverse fair value gap is a pretty madeup concept. It's
like bro like you can see that this fair value gap gets invalidated and then what
happens another fair value gap gets formed. Duh. Uh but that's besides the
point. We can use this invalidation of the old bearish for value gap as a
confluence to one either enter or as just like a confluence for a potential
trade setup. So just like how we have regular fair value gaps, just like we have breaker blocks, just like how we
have order blocks, just like how we have equilibrium, this is another confluence that we can use to either enter into a
trade or to set up a trade. So in this standpoint, let's say that we're
actually looking for a trade. We can say that um okay, this is another
good example. Okay, look, let's say we were bullish. We see a sweep of this and then let's say we're like actually
looking for a trade setup. Okay, we get a break of hourly structure and let's say we're just dumb asses and we don't
see this regular ass fair value gap and we're like oh we have this bearish fair value fair value gap right here and
let's say we don't see this break of structure. Okay, all of this is just hypothetical and we see a closure above
this bearish for value gap. Okay, showing that this bearish for value gap
is now invalidated. That can be a reason to go long on this candle. Put your stops underneath the old bearish for
value gap and then boom, price continues higher. Okay. Um, let's find another
example of this. And again, obviously, we need it just be
like, oh, be bearish fair value gap gets to sell. This is a perfect example of
when this [ __ ] wouldn't work because look, okay, we get a break of structure to the
downside right here. Damn. Shut the [ __ ] up.
Can y'all not tell I'm making a [ __ ] YouTube video?
Come on, guys. Pipe down. Anyways, but look, like we can tell that this is an
obvious bearish setup, right? We see a sweep of liquidity. We see a break of structure. We see an order block right
here. We see a breaker block right here. And we see price push into that order block. Push into that breaker block.
Just because we invalidate this bearish for doesn't mean like, holy [ __ ] we're going to go bullish, right? Because this
is an obvious bearish setup. So again, just like all of our other confluences, it's not like, oh, C order block take
trade or C fair value gap take trade, right? That's not going to work. We need all of our other confluences to be in
line with it. like a sweep of liquidity, a break of structure, all of that, right? So, this is an example where that
[ __ ] wouldn't fly. That [ __ ] wouldn't work because again, we're still in a downtrend and we pushed into just
another one of our confluences. We're still within equilibrium, all that. Okay, so let's just keep drilling this
[ __ ] out and show other examples of where this [ __ ] would work. Um,
let's get down to business. I need to take a piss so bad.
I got to take a pee peee.
Really not much going on. Let's go over here. I got to pee so bad, bro. Boys, I
literally might pause this video and then go take a piss. Or I might just take you guys with me. Um
E e o.
Okay, so this is an example of where like we get kind of two in one. Okay, so we
see a sweep of these lows. Okay, and we kind of get two confluences in one. Like I was saying, we get a sweep of these
lows. We get a break of structure to the upside. And in turn with that break of structure to the upside we invalidate
this bearish fair value gap and at the same time we make a bullish fair value
gap. Both end up getting filled. So and this order block ends up getting filled and then as we can see boom price ends
up moving higher. Okay.
Um, this can be another example here where we get a sweep out of these lows.
Okay, we get a break of structure right here, invalidation of this fair value gap. Um, and then we end up taking out
these highs right here. Okay, so boom, we get a break of structure to the upside on this candle. You know, maybe
you find some [ __ ] within here, but okay, we invalidate this fair value gap. We end up seeking out this liquidity
right here and this liquidity right here. Man, I gotta take this.
Boys, I'm literally in a swimsuit. I might as well just go pee right now.
I have bubble guts, bro.
Be normal. I got to be
damn whole bunch of Choa City in this [ __ ]
here. Let me go into like a market open. I wonder if today's market open. I heard that since it's since I'm in Hawaii. Um,
[ __ ] Did I remove all the drawings? Damn it. I got a B, bro. Here, let's go to ES. I
heard that today's market open was pretty shitty cuz I was watching more trades Tik Tok.
Um, just kidding. But seriously. Okay, so
let's go into the hourly. Okay, there really wasn't [ __ ] [ __ ] today, but let's just Okay.
Oh, here. Look. Okay, so today we sweep out again. Is this a trade that I would
take? Probably not. Um, but whatever. It's a good example. Today we get a
sweep out of these lows. Okay. And we have a bearish for value gap
right here. We see price boom close above that [ __ ] Scale down even further. See, we get a closure above. We
come back down, retest that inverse fair value gap. But in turn, there's a bunch of other confluences here. Okay? Okay,
like we just have um a regular ass like smaller bullish for value gap from this
wick to this wick. Um you could have used equilibrium. I'm pretty sure equilibrium got hit.
I'm literally about to pee my pants, boys. Yeah. So, boom. We can see that equilibrium got hit. Inverse for value
gap got hit. Um you could probably scale down into the one minute. Um find a
break of structure to the upside. Boom. Cool. Enter right here. take profit, you
know, find some sort of confluence over here. Um,
wow, boys, I'm suffering. Um, find some sort of take profit based off this. I'm
going to find a way to pause this. Okay. Wow. I can't even pause it. Holy [ __ ] All right.
Okay. Well, okay. Um, here. Okay.
Okay. Um, okay. Whatever. But anyways, you guys see
this? This was a 15-minute bearish for value gap. We get a closure above that. We retest it and then boom, price moves
higher. We take out these highs. Cool, cool, cool. Could have taken like a small little like one two [ __ ] I
don't know if you enter right here, take profit right here. I don't know. You might have gotten like one to one
riskreward on that if you're entering off the one minute time frame. I'm fighting for my life. Okay, [ __ ] it.
This is going to be really weird. I might take you guys with me. I hope no one steals my [ __ ] Okay, [ __ ]
it. Let's go. Goyard backpack with like 150k worth of watches just sitting out
in the open. Let's rally. I hope they don't find this sus. I'm
just going to act like I'm on a business meeting with you guys. This is so weird. Me walking into the bathroom.
But yeah, guys, um, print out the balance sheet, Damian. I'm
sick and tired of this [ __ ] Damian, you have to print that [ __ ] out.
And if you don't, you're fired. Sorry, I had to act professional. This is so weird. Okay, I'm going to kind of
hide you guys.
Stay calm.
Oh wow. If you're asking if I wash my hands, the answer is no. You know why? Cuz if you
touch your penis when you go pee, like what? Like it's a urinal for a
reason. Let that [ __ ] spray. You know, like I'm literally just ripping my
shorts down and just unloading the clip.
Wow. All right, that was a risky play, boys. Anyways, goyard bag still here.
Locked and loaded. Okay, so let's lock back in. Anyways,
wow, I feel so much better. I can actually focus. Okay, let's go to NQ. See if we have an example of this.
Wow, boys. I can literally like breathe again. Okay, we don't have the invalidation
until all the way up here. Okay, let's try and find
more examples of this. Wow, I feel so much better, guys.
Infinitely better off this [ __ ]
Let's go to like the five minute some [ __ ] like that.
Oh, here we go. Okay, right here. Okay,
I mean just this leg down. I'm assuming that this was like a big ass sweep of liquidity. There we go. Okay, we swept
out all these lows. I'm pretty sure this was on like CPI or some high impact news day if I remember correctly.
That was so crazy. I can't believe you guys went pee with me. Anyways, we come down downstairs. We sweep this out.
Okay, from here, when do we get the invalidation of the fair value gap? Right here, we don't necessarily get a
break of structure, but okay, this can be one of our confluences. Okay, we come back down into this fair value gap. Um,
again, or into this inverse fair value gap again. What other confluences are we
hitting? Um, we're hitting equilibrium off the back end. Boom.
Damn. Chill, Jamal. Boom. Okay, we hit equilibrium and then
we get a breakout structure right here. Bet. Price ends up moving higher. Okay,
that's pretty much all that it is. Okay, I'm not necessarily a huge fan of using
inverse fair value gaps like getting tapped back into as like a confluence to
take a trade off of, but I am a fan of seeing
fair value gaps getting invalidated and taking trades based off of that. Okay.
So, I'm again like, yeah, you get better entries by price coming back down and like retracing into it, but we already
have so many other confluences where like I bet if we go into the one minute on that [ __ ] Damn. Come on, guys.
 Lesson 10: Order Blocks pt. 1
If we go into the one minute, I'm sure we can find something, right? Like, boom. Huge one minute for value gap
within here. Okay. Breaker structure right here. Bet. like long John Silver off of that, you know, take profits
OTDub. Okay. Um,
okay. This is like another example of this. I mean, one minute fair value gap. There's a [ __ ] ton of like bearish one
minute fair value gaps within here. Okay. It gets invalidated. We come down.
We fill. My guess is we hit equilibrium off the back end on this piece. Boom. We
come down. Fill equilibrium. Bullish reaction up. Okay.
It's like they're building the [ __ ] great pyramids of Giza out here. Like hauling twoton [ __ ] rocks in
wheelbarrows right next to my [ __ ]
Anyways, we invalidate this bearish for value gap. We get a closure above. Cool. Confluence one. Confluence two. We
already had a breakup structure. Okay. And then boom, we come down into
equilibrium. We get a bullish reaction out of that. Cool. You can long off that. Stops under our invalidation
point, which would have been off of equilibrium. Or [ __ ] it. You can put it underneath
this fair this bearish for val the last bearish for value gap that was all the way down here that got invalidated.
Whatever you guys want to do. But this is just another confluence that I said I wanted to make a video on because I use
it use it occasionally kind of as like a supporting confluence and also sometimes occasionally as an entry confluence. So
there we go. Not really much else to say on this. Again, this is a good example. Okay, we push up, invalidate the sphere
value gap. We come back into it, scale into the fiveminute, see if there's anything juicy within here. H, not
really. We sweep out these fiveminute lows. We can see if we're getting a on the one minute. Um,
but yeah, there's inverse fair value gaps
explained slash invalidation of fair value gaps explained. for one, we
already know like if a fair value gap gets invalidated within our trade bias, cool. It just is invalidated, we're no
longer using it as a confluence. And if we see a fair value gap in the
opposite direction of our bias and it gets invalidated, we can use it as a
confluence. and we're gonna teach you guys something that I've been using for
 Lesson 15: Balanced Price Action (BPR)
honestly the past bro I don't even I can't even remember how long it's been.
And again, y'all are going to clown me because I thought I found out this [ __ ] on my own. And turns out it's a [ __ ]
ICT concept. But I'm going to and again, I haven't
seen ICT's [ __ ] video on this. So if I'm explaining it wrong, I'm not trying
to explain it the way that he explains it. I'm going to explain it how I understand the [ __ ] for what it is.
Cool. Cool. So today we're going to be talking about
something that ICT calls a BPR, which honestly is like a He lo Bro, he's nasty
with those threeletter [ __ ] change ups that he just pops in there. Oh yeah, that FVG
me ICT you BPR.
You know what that means? Baroque [ __ ] syndrome. I don't [ __ ]
know. But anyways, this is combining pretty much inverse fair value gap along
with fair value gaps to just pretty much encapsulate a imbalanced price range. So
before we even show this on the charts, I kind of want to give you guys an idea of what this would be. So let's say um
we have a violent move. Damn, bro. Already lagging out. We have a violent
move up and we form like a bullish imbalance right here. And then we have like some movement over here and then we
see price boom get another violent move down and we form boom a bearish
imbalance here. That's like or here. I'll make it a little bit less like [ __ ] crazy.
Bearish imbalance right here. Okay. And we see boom. This is imbalanced price action and this is
imbalanced price action. When we see a bullish imbalance get formed and then
disrespected along with once it gets disrespected seeing a bearish imbalance
form or overlap with that bullish imbalance we can safely assume sorry I
didn't even realize the microphone was just moaning in your ear. Um
but we can safely assume and say like hey imbalanced price range imbalanced
price range. This whole price range right here is imbalanced. So what can we
expect if price comes back up in this [ __ ] and we start seeing downward movement? It's going to continue lower.
Is it something [ __ ] special? No. Is it something that
is even necessary? Not really, but it's just another confluence, you know, and
this is something that I've been mentioning a lot in a lot of my trade recap. And yeah, it's pretty much just
two fair value gaps that overlap in the opposite direction, showing us a just a
super solid, super awesome imbalance price range that price will more than likely want to come back and balance
out. Cool. So, let's show this in action on the chart.
Okay. Yeah. So, like this is a perfect example right here. So, right here,
right, we see this boom
violent candle to the upside. And and mainly for these guys, we're not [ __ ]
on Footfinder like trying to zoom all the way the [ __ ] in and catch the toes
of like an itsybitsy spider fair value gap. Okay,
we're not trying to do that. We're looking for like the dicksiz candlesticks. You know what I'm saying?
Barry Woods on this guy. All right. Um, you know, this is TJR. This is like
Giannis. All right. So, we see this bullish imbalance right here, right? We
see it gets tapped into whatever. That's not even what we're talking about. And then we see boom, price
like little Uzi Vert, flooded the face. Now, we have this big ass bearish
imbalance right here. Right. You see the part where the bearish imbalance and the bullish imbalance overlap? Yeah. That's
the part that we want to boom identify.
And that's what our BPR is. It's pretty much saying, hey, from here up to here,
that's our really high quality imbalance price range because we see two fair
value gaps that got formed, right? But what is the actual imbalance price
range? It's where they over overlapped because we can see on this
price got balanced out down to this wick and down to here.
Price got balanced out down to this wick essentially because we see price flood all the way
through there. And as we're pushing back up through here, it also gets balanced out. This was also a news candle. Okay,
but we can see that this works perfectly right here, right? We obviously get a little leg up and then boom,
consolidation. But we can see the tippity top is boom,
where these two fair value gaps overlap. Okay, let's uh find another example
to show this off. Let's uh go down into the smaller time frames. And you're
probably asking, how do you use this? I'm not necessarily looking at these on a high time frame. Again, we can apply
any of these confluences whenever the [ __ ] we want on whatever time frame, but most of the time when
I'm using this, it's more so during entries. So, how about we scale down to
like a actual area where it would be beneficial?
Okay. So, let's see if we can see anything going on in here.
Okay. Yeah, this is a great example right here. Boom. So, right here we see, okay, dick
candles up, dick candles down. Again, in comparison to the 4hour chart and those
news candles, it's nothing too special, but it's it's at least something. Okay,
we see right here, this is the bullish imbalance. Damn. I don't even know if that hit. Oh,
it didn't hit it. We have this one as well though.
Okay, so we have this bullish imbalance, this bullish imbalance. Both of them get
invalidated after this candlestick. And then we have this bearish imbalance right here.
Honestly, we can go ahead and leave both of these babies on here,
okay? because they both overlap this. We could honestly just like bring
this one up so it's just the sliver right there. Okay. But we can see price
pushes back into where the bearish imbalance overlaps the bullish imbalance
and it barely misses this top one right here. And then price continues down. And again, what's the difference between
using this and a fair value gap? Again, it's not much, right? We very well could have just used this bearish imbalance,
but it's higher confluence because we can see, hey, this is a much, I guess,
higher attracted area where price is going to want to fill its imbalance because not only do we have a bearish
imbalance, but we had a previous bullish imbalance and price is still moving swiftly through that area. So, we when
we move swiftly through it to the upside, we're like, "Okay, cool." But then when we move through it swiftly to
the downside, it's like, okay, this whole area right here,
sorry, I realized the microphone was still up a little bit too high. This whole area right here is still
imbalance and price is going to want to come come back through and balance that out. Um, let's try and find another
example of this. Friday's price action was pretty shitty,
but we can still uh we can still kind of show this right here. Even though this wouldn't
necessarily have gone out in our gone in our direction. Again, we're trying to use this for entries,
assuming that there is an entry within here. I just kind of want to go over how we can identify these things. So, right
here, again, similar situation. We have a bullish imbalance right here. Turn this thing off.
bullish imbalance right here. We have another one right here.
These the bullish and the bearish imbalance right here are pretty much dead [ __ ] even. And then we have
another bearish imbalance right here. Okay, we can leave this here. We can
shrink this guy up to where it overlaps. Boom. And then we just have a more centralized area where price is likely
going to react off. awful. Again, this is
whatever speculative because don't even know the bias going into the day. Um, but yeah. Oh, this is
like a decent example. Let's see if we can go in on the fivem minute here. Oh, damn. Wait, did I completely remove?
Okay, so on the fivem minute here, we have this bullish imbalance or sorry, bearish imbalance.
This bullish imbalance. Boom. shrink this down.
Boom. We can see that this is like just [ __ ] optimal range, right? We see
swift move through. Swift move through. Also beneficial that we see a lot of consolidation
again. We have liquidity sweeper. Okay.
But boom, we can see price comes back down into this area. ripper.
Okay, let's show some more examples on higher time frames.
Let's see here. Might be difficult on the daily. Let's go on the 4 hour here.
See if I can see any obvious ones off rib. This is a good one.
Okay. So, right here we have boom super swift move up.
Right here super swift move down. We can boom.
Shrink that up to where they overlap. Mink boom. This is our high quality
imbalance price range. Okay, let's see.
This is another one right here. We can see Swift moves up, Swift moves down. There's a whole bunch of fair value gaps within here.
This bullish one, this bearish one,
and this bull, this bearish one doesn't fit with the bullish one. So, we can
actually just leave this right here because the bullish one fully encapsulates that. So, that's the one
that we want to be targeting. Boom. Price bops its head into it. Flush work.
But, as you guys can see, the these things are like all over the place. Similar example right here.
Bullish and a bearish.
Boom. Okay, we have big flush up, big flush down. shrink this bad boy. So, it's a
line. Okay. Price pushes up into it. Flood of the face to the downside. And
again, keep in mind, this is going to be used
with bias in mind. This is going to be used with finding the optimal price
range on like the 15 minute to 5 minute time frame to look for entry, right? We're looking for like liquidity sweep.
Then we're looking for break of structure. And then when we are able to scale down to the lower time frame, like
our execution time frame, that's when we can use these to our advantage. Is this something that's like make or [ __ ]
break? We need to use this in our trade. No. But is this something beneficial that you can use as extra confluence?
like, hey, there's a fair value gap right here, and there's also a fair
value gap right here, and I don't know which one I should choose because right
now it's in this one. And it looks like it's going to go down, but it might come up to this one. And we also see a big
ass bullish imbalance that's like right here. Boom. Shrink work. Delete. Delete.
This is the most like this is the most likely area that price is going to be looking to fill. Why? Because there was
a bullish imbalance along with a bearish imbalance. This is the most This is the most imbalanced price range. Cool. Cool.
 Lesson 16: Equilibrium pt. 1
Hello, lover boy slime ball. Back door slat.
What is happening? Is my [ __ ] crooked?
Does my [ __ ] look crooked to you guys? Hold on. [Applause]
Bro, why is it crooked? Technical difficulties. Anyways, we are in the
Miami setup. The view is nice. Look at the view, guys.
Look at my view. This is what I see out of when I'm looking at you guys. It's pretty sexy.
But regardless, we are going to get into probably the easiest concept ever in the
entire world today called equilibrium. Okay. So, we have covered liquidity
sweeps or just liquidity. We have covered breakup structure. We've covered order blocks. We've covered fair value
gaps. Now, we're getting to equilibrium. And then we'll also get into breaker blocks. And then from there, we can boom
boom boom boom boom boom put it all together and then make you guys actually
learn the strategy that I've been talking about for [ __ ] ever now or really just the past month and you guys
have been feing for it. So without further ado, let's get into equilibrium. Let's make this nice and quick because
it's pretty [ __ ] easy. Okay, so equilibrium.
Okay, we'll talk about what is it, why it's beneficial to us, and why we would potentially want to use it. Okay, so
what is it? It measures the point.
[Applause]
So it measures the point from swing high to swing low or vice versa.
[Applause]
Oops.
Damn. Come on. I feel like I'm typing on a typewriter.
Um, boom. Okay, so equilibrium measures the
point from swing high down to swing low or vice versa. So swing lot swing low to
swing high where price is in a premium or a discount. Okay, so it measures the
it measures premium and discount from swing low to swing high or swing high to
swing low just depending on what trend it's in. Okay. And we'll get into that later tomorrow or the next day talking
about how to how to identify this. But this is what we know. Equilibrium helps us identify
premium and a discount. Now, let's break this down. Let's figure out how is this beneficial to us. Also, sorry, it sounds
like I'm talking in a echo chamber.
[Applause] [Music]
What were we even talking about? Right? The reason why this is beneficial to us, let's put this in human terms, okay?
When you guys go to the grocery store, imagine the most delicious, the most delectable, your favorite food on earth.
You go to the grocery store and it's
50% off. Are you going to buy it? Yeah. You're
probably slamming your card down and buying it 10 times.
Okay. On the contrary, if you guys go to the grocery store and that same item is
2x the price, you're probably not as maybe you buy it,
but you're probably not as willing to buy it, right?
That's essentially what equil equilibrium is because we think about the banks, the market makers, they want
the best price possible. They are looking to buy in a discount rather than a premium. Okay. So that's what
equilibrium does for us. it. Yeah.
[Applause]
It identifies a premium and a discounted price and because of this it's a continuation confluence. Okay. So, oops.
It's a continuation confluence. Okay. So, right, are we going to be able to
identify where price is going to reverse based off equilibrium? Well, no. But if
we think about this is kind of getting into identifying it. But if we think about higher highs and higher lows, if
we see, oh, right within here is a discounted price, it's more than likely
if we see buying power out of that, price is going to continue up,
right? So, there's a little hint going into tomorrow or whenever I film the next video, okay? But it helps us
identify premium and discounted price. And because of this, it's beneficial for us because when we're able to identify
that premium price, if we see price like barely dip down into a premium and then continue higher, we can say, okay, that
probably wasn't the best time to enter. Versus if we see price dip down into a
discounted price and we see strong buying pressure out of it or buying confluences out of it, then we can say,
okay, yeah, that would make sense. This paired with another confluence,
this paired with like a fair value gap, an order block. Okay, a breaker block that we'll get into later.
This paired with that, it would make sense that there's buying power or selling power out of this
equilibrium or this discounted price because it was on discount and because
we're able to buy it at a cheaper price. Cool. Okay, so super easy day today
talking about equilibrium, finding premium versus discounted price from a swing high to a swing low or a swing low
to a swing high. All right, that being said, see you guys tomorrow. As you guys know, we talked about equilibrium
 Lesson 17: Equilibrium pt. 2
yesterday. Uh talked about what it is, how it helps us. So today we're going to
talk about literally the easiest confluence ever to be able to identify.
So this should be relatively quick. And again, I'm not teaching how you teaching
you guys how to enter yet. We're super close. Next up is breakers. And then
after that, we can put everything together. And I can spend like hours
showing you guys how to put stuff together. Okay? But for now, we're talking about equilibrium and how to
identify it on the chart. So, like I was saying yesterday, we identify it with a swing from a swing low to a swing high
or from a swing high. Swing high.
Swing high down to a swing low. Okay.
God. Okay. Wow. I am sorry. Moving forward, we identify
it from a swing low to a swing high within an uptrend. Within a downtrend,
we take it from the swing high down to the swing low. And you're probably asking,
"Oh, you um the the handsome boy in the front."
No, no, not the one that I'm pointing at. That one. Um what, mister? What's a swing high?
What's a swing low?
I'm going to tell you, it's literally just the higher high and
the higher low within the uptrend. So if we think about
beautiful the best uptrend I've ever drawn in my driven in my drove in my
entire life lives in an uptrend we take it from the low up
to the high. Okay. So, we want to be able to find the discounted price,
right? Because we know that equilibrium is identifying premium price
and discounted price. And why is that beneficial to us? Because if we see price go into a discount and then within
an uptrend, if we see buying power come out of that discount, we can assume, okay, buy orders were filled because it
was at a discounted price and price is going to continue higher. Okay. Wow,
that was so hard. That was so smart. Okay, now how do we
identify this? I use the GAN box. Okay, and it's literally identified by
the 50% mark or the halfway point from
the swing low to the swing high. Okay, so we take it from the low and just drag
it boom up to the high. And as we can see, my perfectly driven drone drone
drawn down uptrend
dipped perfectly into our discounted price which is underneath here, right?
Because anything up here would be premium
and anything down here is a discount. Everything up here is a premium. Why?
because it's higher prices and we're in an uptrend and we're looking to buy. So when as price goes lower, it's cheaper
for us to buy. Okay? So everything underneath the halfway
point from the swing low to the swing high is going to be a discount. Okay? We see price come into the discount. We see
buying power come out. Price continues higher. Okay? Boom. Let's do it again. From the low to
the high, we see price boom come down again. Perfectly drawn uptrend. We come
right into the discount. We see buying power come out. Price goes higher. Last
time on our beautifully drawn uptrend. Okay, we take it from the low up to the
high. Price again perfectly comes into our discounted price range.
We see buying power come out. Price continues higher. Okay, now let's talk about it in a downtrend. Let's see if I
can drive this one as good as I drove the other one. It's already worse.
Let's try again. It's already really bad. It's really bad.
It's That's as good as it's going to get. Wow. Okay, that's better. Okay.
In a downtrend, we take it from the swing high. It's literally just the inverse, the swing high down to the
swing low. Okay. So, boom. We have our gan box here. You guys want
to see my settings on this? This is what I have my settings at. Take a screenshot. Take a picture.
You got your pictures? Cool. Okay, we take our GAN box from the swing high
down to the swing low. Perfectly driven downtrend.
We see price boom from high down to the low. We see price
we see price get into the discounted price range which is now this above area. And this is the premium, right?
Because we're trying to short it. So, we want to short at a higher price
and buy it back at a lower price. Okay? So, boom.
We see price get into that discounted price range. We see selling power come through and push it lower. Price
continues in that direction. Okay. Let's keep doing this and then we'll start
going into how to identify it on actual real time. Okay, moving forward. Okay,
swing high down to swing low. Price pushes up into the discount discounted
price range. We see selling power push out. Price continues lower. Okay, one
more time. Swing high down to the swing low.
We see price push into the discounted price range. We see selling power come out. Price continues lower.
Okay. And again, this is similar to fair value gaps, similar to order blocks. It is a continuation confluence. So, does
price require this to happen to move when we're within a trend? Does price
have to go into that discount? No. But if it does, it's a higher confluence for
us to assume that price is going to continue higher. So if we look at this as like an uptrend, we see boom, this is
the high. This is the low. Okay? And then from here, we want it here. We see
this is the low. Okay? Cuz we take it from swing low to swing high. And then we see this high get made. There's going
to be times where you see like a little pip squeak of a low get made. And you're probably thinking, "Hey,
it never came underneath equilibrium.
And that's okay because sometimes the market moves and doesn't hit our confluences
and you just have to accept that. Okay. But for the next swing low to swing
high, we can see, oh, it did go into a discount and we did see buying power out of it. So price is probably going to
continue higher. Okay? And that's how we have to treat it. Okay? So now let's do this super simply, super duper easy. You
will find examples of this within every single time frame and every single trend.
Okay? And we'll just go and show how this works. So boom, we're in a downtrend. How do we know that? Move
down, then a move up. We find the lowest point of those two candles right here. We see breaker structure to the downside. Cool. We're in a downtrend. We
take it from the swing high. Move up. Move down. Highest point of those those two candles to the swing low. Move down.
Then a move up. We take it to the lowest point of those two candles. Okay. Let me just extend this. Oops.
Okay, what do we see? We see price push up into a discounted price point.
We see selling power come out. Price moves lower.
Okay, same thing. Swing high down to swing low. We see price push on
up in there, right? We see the move up. Then we see price continue lower.
Okay, now we get a break of structure to the upside. Now we're in an uptrend. Okay, we take a swing low to the swing
high. We see price boom come into the discounted price range, buying power out. Price continues higher. Let's go
into a smaller time frame and identify this.
And again, it's not going to happen every single time.
Let's do this on like the weekly actually.
Okay, we get a breaking structure to the upside right here. Boom. We're in an uptrend. Take it from the swing low,
move down, then a move up. Boom. To the swing high, move up, then a move down. Boom. We see price poke
into the discount. Buying power out. Price continues higher.
Okay, let's try and find another example of this. Um, right here we're in a
downtrend. We break structure to the downside, swing high,
down to swing low. We see price boom, push up into equilibrium, selling power
out of it. Price continues lower for a bit. Okay. And this is all it is. is just
helping us when price is retracing down. It just
helps us say, "Hey, if it it's the same thing with order blocks. It's the same thing with fair value gaps. It's the
same thing with breaker blocks. It's the same thing with equilibrium. What do these continuation confluences help us?
They help us identify areas where if we see buying power or selling power out of
them that if those if if those areas get hit
and we see buying power and selling power out of them, then we can safely assume that those were good confluences
that more orders were filled and price is going to continue in the direction that it wanted to go in. versus
something like this if it's in like an uptrend like
I don't freaking know something like that right like and let's say there's no fair value gaps no order blocks and it's just like the tiniest little moves down
right like we probably don't want to be entering on that when do we want to be entering when we know the market is
filling more orders and we know that it's a high probability area
where more orders can have the possibility to be filled and then we
wait for confluences out of those high probability areas. What are our high probability areas? Order blocks, breaker
blocks, fair value gaps, and equilibrium. And all that we're doing with those is
identifying them on the chart when price retraces. And if it goes into those price ranges and we see buying power or
selling power out of it, depending on the trend, we can safely assume that price is going to likely continue in the
direction that it was going. Cool. Cool. Awesome. That wraps up equilibrium part
two. We have breaker blocks and then it's time to get serious and then we're going to start putting things
together. All right, boys. I appreciate you guys. We'll see you guys in the next one. we will get this up and active. All
 Lesson 18: Breaker Blocks pt. 1
right, breaker blocks. Let's get started. We're
talking about breaker blocks. Okay, so similar with all the other concepts, we're just going to type this
[ __ ] out and
Okay, fine. Blocking. Jeez, bro. Y'all get me way too into this [ __ ] Okay,
breaker block. Come on, bro. Oh, I literally almost just yelled. I'm
demonetized anyways. I might as well say it. Nah, I'm just kidding. I'm not going to say it. Jeez. Okay, let's not say it.
Never mind. It's National Women's Month anyways. Wait,
we don't care about that anyways. Okay, breaker blocks. Let's lock. Okay, I'm just kidding.
Okay, lock in. Breaker blocks. What is it? So, breaker blocks, a lot of
people describe breaker blocks as failed order blocks,
but that's also because a lot of people teach order blocks differently. Okay, so
essentially what a failed order block, let's let's rewind this. I don't even
want you guys to see this and be like, "Oh, we're looking for failed order blocks." No, it's not the case. Okay.
All I want you guys to look at it as I wanted to explain that before we wa
I'm not looking as orange anymore. But everybody describes it as a failed order
block. I only consider order blocks the initial
the initial move up that sweeps liquidity. But a lot
of people will identify order blocks as every single move up. So they consider
this an order block, they can consider this an order block.
Okay? And what happens with this
is when we get Okay, rewind that. Boom.
When we get the breaker structure to the upside, they pretty much say, "Okay, this this is now a failed order block."
So when price revisits it, it's called a breaker. Okay, so hopefully that helps
you guys understand it a little bit more. Again, when we go into identifying them, I'll show you guys a lot better,
but that's what I wanted to to show you guys. It's essentially a a leg up or
where orders a price range where orders could have potentially have been filled
within the initial trend direction but price broke structure.
Okay, switch market shift shifted directions. Okay. So, it turned into a
price range where orders could have been filled in the
initial direction of the overall trend
wasn't able to. And when price revisits it, orders are going to be able to be
filled there within that direction to the upside because it was failed.
So, we know that there's no longer any more sellside orders in this in this
case, this bullish breaker block. We know that there's no more sell orders within this price range. Does that make
sense? Because before, again, with that idea that
every single move up within a downtrend is an order block, which I don't
consider, okay, but let's say that every single retracement, they consider that
an order block. And again, I don't want you guys to get this confused, but let's just call it retracements.
Within these retracements, we see that more sell orders get filled, right? But what happens when price pushes all the
way through that? This price range no longer has any sell orders to offer. So,
if price revisits it, it's super similar to a fair value gap where there's a lack
of sell orders within here. So, if we see buying pressure out of it, price will continue higher.
Boom. Crazy. Okay, so let's show it another direction as well.
Sorry, I just had to do that. Okay, within an uptrend.
Oops. Ah, usually uptrends are my best. Boom.
Okay. So again, within an uptrend, they consider all those down moves order
blocks, but we'll just call them retracements because it makes it a little bit simpler for us. So within
these retracements, right, we know that more buy orders are able to get filled within these price ranges, right? More
buy orders were able to get filled, price went higher. More buy orders were able to get filled, price went higher.
So when price ends up breaking structure, when these price ranges end up not being
able to offer enough more buy orders to get filled and we see price revisit it
and we know that hey there's a lack of buy orders within here and we see selling power out of it, we can assume
that price is going to continue lower and that's all that breaker blocks are.
Okay. So, it was Oops. No. Damn it. I went back too far. So, all
that breaker blocks are a retracement
[Applause] followed
by a break [Applause]
followed by a breaking structure. obviously opposite of the current trend.
[Applause] It's a retracement followed by a breakup
structure. Wow, horrible at spelling. opposite of the current trend
which then makes that price range
lack buy slash sell or
depending on previous trend.
Okay, so it's a retracement followed by a breakup structure opposite of the
current trend which then makes that price range that was the retracement
price range retracement
lack buy/sell orders again depending on the previous trend. So that's what it
is. And well, how is that beneficial to us? [Applause]
If price revisits that area,
we can assume that if there is selling
slash buying pressure out of it, price
will continue in that
direction due to the lack of orders from
the previous trend.
Okay. So why is it useful to us? If price revisits that area, we can assume
that if there was if there is buying and selling pressure out of that price range, price will continue into that
direction due to the lack of orders from the previous trend that was just broken.
Right? So, the visual was honestly like the best way for me to explain that, right? We're in in a trend,
right? And each each retracement kind of serves as like a little price range. Oops, sorry.
Each retracement kind of serves as a price range where more potential orders could be filled.
And if we break past that price range, we can assume that there's a lack
of in this case sell orders within here. So again, similar to fair value gaps, if
we see price reach into here and then we see buying pressure out of that within a price range where there's a lack of sell
orders, we can assume that price is going to continue higher. Boom. Breaker blocks explained part one.
I will see you guys in part two. Uh we already explained breaker blocks, talked about how they're useful to us. Today
 Lesson 19: Breaker Blocke pt. 2
we're going to get into identifying them. Okay, so this should be relatively easy. We're just going to draw these
[ __ ] out and then we are going to go ahead and identify them on the chart. And again, why are they useful to us?
Because there's a lack of orders going in the opposite direction, right? So we have Oops. Okay. So if we have an
uptrend like this, right?
We can consider these retracements
areas where sell orders were getting filled, right? We see boom, more sell
orders getting filled. Price moves down because of it. Then we see boom a break of structure.
Okay, right within here is our breaker block, right? And we know if price
revisits this again, this is another one of our continuation confluences. We can see that there's going to be a
lack of sell orders within here. We see buying power out of it. Price is likely going to continue higher. Super similar
to a fair value gap. Okay. Honestly, paired with a fair value gap is a pretty awesome confluence. And then now let's
go into boom, an uptrend, right? every single one of these
legs down these retracements more buy orders getting filled. Okay,
this is our breaker block prior to breaking structure, right? And we know
that within here there is a lack
of buy orders. So when price pushes in here and we see selling power out of it,
we can assume that price is going to go lower. Why? because when price entered through it, it was able to go cleanly
past it and break structure. Cool. Now, let's go into identifying them. The
easiest way to identify them is looking at them like this. It's
literally the like the opposite of an order block. Okay? So, a bullish breaker
is going to be the move down prior to the breakup structure. A bearish breaker
is the move move down prior to break of structure to the downside.
Boom. Boom. And then a bullish breaker
is going to be the move up prior to the breaking structure to the downside. Boom.
Cool. Cool. Let's get into identifying these babies. These babies
and babies and babies. Let's move into some better price action. I really have
not traded much at all over the past
really like two weeks. Put this into like a higher time frame.
See if we can see anything nice. Okay, perfect example right here.
Okay. So, we have boom, we have this is the break. This is the
breaking structure right here, right? Boom. We we want to find the the move up
prior to the breaking structure to the upside. Okay, we have two situations here. Typically, for me, right, I'm
looking for the leg down that causes like the liquidity sweep. Either way,
you can mark either of these as the breaker with this, right? Which
one's the move up prior to the breaker structure to the upside? We see the breaker structure to the upside right here on the hourly. Okay, we have this
boom, this up candle and this whole up candle breaker right here.
If you wanted to, you could also consider this a breaker. Okay? Because
typically what we like to what some people like to do
is they like to identify the legs up prior to the liquidity sweep. And we can
see that this is the liquidity sweep. But in reality, right, we see that this offered a better entry. Okay, let's go
and find a more clear example of this. And there's one right here. Okay, we see
a boom, big leg up, breaking structure to the downside. What do we want to do? We want to find the move down. Boom.
Prior to the breaker structure to the downside to find that bearish breaker block,
right? We see that big leg up. Okay, we see price break structure. Boom. We see it revisit. We see selling power out of
it. Boom. Price continues lower. Okay, let's try and find more examples of this. And again, is this one of those
things where price is just always 1 million trillion% going to draw towards
it just because it gets formed? No, definitely not. But it's something that
we can take note of. And if we see it draw into a breaker and if we see
reactions out of it, what can we safely assume? That price is going to continue in that direction. Okay. All of these
are just confluences that help us understand where price wants to go.
Okay, this is another good example. We have a break of structure to the upside right here off this candle. Boom. Let's
see if price did price even get into this one. Oh, unfortunately not. Okay, we got real close to this.
And this is when right, we can highlight a couple things.
Boom. breaker imbalances within here, right? All of that. But that was a
breaking block. See if we can find some on the low time frame.
Okay, here we go. We had boom break structure to the upside right here. We
have the move up prior to the breaking structure to the upside. Okay, we see that boom slight
little tap in. Okay, we get that rejection. Boom. Boom. Continuation to the upside right here. Price continues
higher. What else do we have that combined with? Boom.
We have a fair value gap within here. Okay. What can we also consider this
black candle move down order block, right? So, now you're starting to see
how all of our confluences can start to come together with this. Let's do some more examples here.
Okay, this one again, I'm just when I put things together, this is literally
just identifying it. When we start putting things together, it's going to make a lot more sense. We're just drawing these out and showing them
where. Again, this isn't going to be one of those things where you're just like, "Oh, I see a breaker." Boom. Boom.
Enter. No, that's not And great. I just lost my position. Um, oh, literally
switched, bro. Um,
it's not going to be like, oh, breaker bet spam, you know, like buy. No, bro.
Like, focus. Okay. Like, there's going to be several confluences that we wait for.
Not just like fair value, you got bet or just like order block.
No, bro. Okay. So, boom, we get a break structure to the downside. Okay. We see the move down prior to the break. Boom.
We see price push on into it. Okay. We see rejection to the downside.
Price continues lower. Okay. Right here
we get a breaker structure to the upside. Boom. We have the move up prior
to the breaker structure to the upside. Okay. Boom. We see price revisit the breaker. Price continues higher. And
like this is a perfect example of okay, we closed past a fair value gap, but we
also have a confluence here. Right? This is getting a little bit into like putting [ __ ] together and I'm probably
going to end this video soon because I'm pretty sure you guys get the gist of it. When we see some of our confluences get
invalidated, but we have other confluences, right? That doesn't necessarily mean like, oh, the fair value gap's gone.
Like, [ __ ] it. We're out of here. No, right? We got to sit here and realize
like, okay, we got a breaking structure to the upside. Okay, fair value gap. It got invalidated, but boom, we still have this breaker block that it could be
drawing towards. Boom, we see buying power out of it. Okay, price continues higher
right here. We see a breaker structure to the downside. Okay, where's the move down prior to the
break of structure to the downside right here? Okay, see we see price push on up
in here into the breaker. Okay, we see selling power out of it. Price continues lower.
Okay. And again, this is like it's easy for me to just go
on here and just be like bing bang boom blah blah blah blah blah. Watch. Perfect. It works. It's not going to
work every single [ __ ] time. I'm cherry-picking these, but I'm cherry-picking these so that you guys can see exactly what the [ __ ] a breaker
is before we get into actually putting this [ __ ] together. And trust me, when we put this [ __ ] together, it's going to
be really [ __ ] easy for you guys, okay? But with that being said, I'm pretty
sure you guys know how to identify these [ __ ] now. We're locked. We're loaded. We're here
 Lesson 20: SMT Divergence
to talk about SMT divergence. So, without further ado, today we had SMT divergence. Today during pre-market, we
had a perfect example of SMT divergence. I'm going to try and explain this pretty simply so that you guys can understand.
All that SMT divergence is is one index forecasting what another index is going
to do. So today, for example, I was bullish because on the 4 hour time
frame, we were bullish. On the hourly,
we weren't bullish, but on the 4 hour, we were. And on NASDAQ, we came down and we swept out these hourly lows. Let's
get rid of like everything except for the SMT divergence because that's all that this [ __ ] is about.
So, we know our bias is bullish, right? NASDAQ makes this low and then it makes
a higher low up here. during the same point in time. Okay, so we have this low and then this low.
During the same point in time, see this was the mark out from the stream.
ES makes this low when NASDAQ makes this low and then ES makes a lower low
when NASDAQ makes that significantly higher low. This was a really drastic
example of it. Typically, it's going to be a lot less less of something like
that where like the higher low will be right here. But it but
for a bullish SMT, one index creates a higher low while the
other index creates a lower low. And pretty much all that it's doing is
this. In this case, NQ is forecasting and saying, "Hey,
we made a higher low on NQ, but on ES we made a lower low. At the same time that
N come on, at the same time that NQ made a higher low,
it's this is like a fortune teller. It's telling us that ES is likely going to go
higher. So when I see that ES is probably going to draw into these 15-minute highs and then these 15-minute
highs. Why? Because of the SMT divergence. Okay. So the best way that I
can explain SMT is one, find your bias because if you don't have a bias, then you'll be finding SMT divergences that
are that are conflicting, right? So you have to have your over overall bias. And we knew that our oath
that holy [ __ ] okay that our overall bias was
bullish coming into New York session even on ES okay now we're bearish but
anyways besides that we were bullish coming into market open same thing here
on NASDAQ okay so when we scale down on the lower time frame and we see NASDAQ
create this low and then a higher low. But ES create this low and then a lower low. We can assume that ES is going to
continue higher. Okay? And we can use that to our advantage. I know a lot of people that
this is [ __ ] huge, bro. Like a lot of people will say like, "Oh yeah, I don't even take I think uh Darius says he
doesn't even take trades if um the SMT if if his setup doesn't have an SMT in
it or if like the level the high time frame level that price is pushing into. If it if he they don't see a if he
doesn't see an SMT, he's like, I'm not taking it."
Okay, so let's find another example of this. Why do most tra are most traders
like gay as [ __ ] Pause. Not really though.
Hit me up. Just playing. But seriously, back my
line. Okay. Yeah. No, there wasn't an SMT here. Let's see if there was any anything off
of those highs. There you go. Okay. Bet. Good example
here. Okay, this isn't necessarily for market open, but anyways, let's just say for
example, let's say we're bearish, okay? And NQ,
we make this high and then we make this high. ES also coming into a high time frame
liquidity sweep. Okay, we come into a high time frame level.
NQ makes Come on, man.
NQ makes a high then a lower high. ES
comes through makes a high and then a higher high. So if our bias is bearish,
right? And we only use this is another thing to add. When we're looking for bullish SMT, we're only using the lows.
And when we're looking for bearish SMT, we're only only looking for highs. So, we come into this high time frame level,
high time frame liquidity sweep, and ES makes a high then a higher high. But NQ
at the same time makes a high then a lower high. So, we
can go in on ES and be like, I bet I'm going to place a bet. Okay.
And we can say okay NASDAQ is telling us the future
because it made a lower high obviously make sure it's in line with our bias and
then from there we can scale down and try and find entries. Okay. So we and another thing another huge thing I do
not like to use SMT divergence on the one minute. Typically my SMT divergence is going to be on the 5m minute or the
15minute. And it also works really well for high time frames. Oh, this is another perfect example. Okay, but
anyways, this was during pre-market. So, not much of like entry work to be found within here, but you can still see that
it holds true because price ends up coming down, taking out liquidity. Um, and on uh NASDAQ, NASDAQ smoking on gas
pack. Okay, it did the same thing. Uh, boom, came down, swept liquidity. This is another good example of how we can
use it to find bias. Okay, because on ES right we have this high and then a lower
high and then on NQ we have this high and then a higher high.
Okay, and on from there we can see that price wanted to come down sweep out this
liquidity. Pretty shortlived. Okay, leg down. But we can see that when we have
this price, it's pretty much
telling us the future of where the other index wants to go. Oh, I could clickbait
the [ __ ] out of this. Put some crazy thumbnail
like how to tell the future on the time frames. Let's find more examples of this. Bingo
was his name out. Okay, look here on ES. Okay, my guess is this. Okay,
first of all, we see a high time frame liquidity sweep. This had to have been like CPI or something, PPI, but
regardless, we can still apply this. Okay, boom. We come through, we sweep out lows, bias bullish after we probably
get like an hourly close above here. Okay, we have this low right here.
We form a lower low down here. But on NQ,
we have this low right here. And then we have a higher low right here. So what can that tell us the
future about on ES? because NQ made a higher low
SMT divergence as well as us seeing ES
not breaking structure on this low sweeping these lows out. We can scale
down to lower time frames and find entries within here, right? Because we made a lower low on ES but a higher low
on NQ. We can scale down into ES. We see these lows get swept. We can finally we
can probably find some sort of entry within here. Okay. So, the main thing
that I want you guys to remember from today for SMT divergence, because it's hard for me to go back in time and tell
myself, don't change a thing. But I'll write this one out. SMT diver.
Come on, man. Okay. What to look for? Okay. Okay, when
we're bullish and we're coming into when we have a bullish bias and we come into a bullish
level, we're looking for higher low formed on either of the indexes
and lower low formed on the other. Okay? And then typically we're looking to
execute on the other one because if we see a higher low formed on one index index like let's say let's say we see a
higher low formed on gas pack and we see a lower low formed on S&P it means the
S&P is lagging behind NASDAQ. So the S&P is likely going to follow suit and continue higher. So that that means
there's going to be more opportunity on ES. Okay. And then continuing when we are bearish
lower high formed on one index and
a higher high and a higher high on the other.
Okay? Because again, when we're bullish and we see this on one index
and this on the other, we can assume that this one is going to follow suit of
this one for bullish. And then for bearish, if we see this on one
and this on the other, we can assume that this is going to follow suit of
that index. Okay, so pretty straight straightforward. This is just another confluence to add to your list of tools.
Okay, that being said, I appreciate you guys. I'll catch you guys in the next one. If
you guys haven't already, please like, please subscribe. Y'all are my people. I'll catch you guys. So, I know that was
 Strategy Creation & Management
a lot of information for you guys to digest and that's a whole bunch of confluences and you guys are like, "What the [ __ ] am I even supposed to do with
this?" Hopefully, you guys are starting to like piece the pieces together and you guys are like, "Okay, cool. I know
that draws on and liquidity are where price is going to reverse off of. I know fair value gaps are where price is
looking to balance out price action and then react off of it. I know that breakup structure is showing a change in trend. You guys have all of these
concepts and you guys have all of these patterns and price action formations that help you guys dictate where price
is going to go. Now we are going to put these confluences together in order to predict where price action wants to go
because again like I was saying in those other videos these are nothing just by themselves. We need to put all of these
together in congruence so that we are able to make a highly probable decision when looking to make a trade within the
markets because again these confluences standing alone are little to nothing but when we put them together it helps us
make a highly probable decision within the market. So again, this is going to be me putting all of these confluences
together for you guys so that you guys can say, "Hey, boom, we're looking for liquidity suite. Then from there, break the structure. Then from there for value
gap getting filled, and then from there, we're going to scale down on this time frame, and then we're going to enter." Okay, all of that is going to be put
together in place so that you guys can form and build a strategy to finally be able to start making predictions on
where price wants to go. Again, this is going to take some time and it's going to take a lot of brain effort. So, if you guys need to whatever split this up
or just write it down on each step, that's okay. And with that being said, let's jump straight into how we can
actually get into strategy creation. And again, if you guys are struggling with this on Confluences or with strategy
creation and you guys are like, man, I wish I could just talk to Tyler one-on-one. Again, you guys can go ahead, click the link in the description
and join the blueprint where you guys are going to be able to submit trades to people like me, people like my coaches,
and you guys are going to say, "Hey, did I use this confluence correctly? Is this trade the good trade to take?" Because
again, I can only do so much on these YouTube videos where I just cast this massive umbrella, this massive net where
I just say, "Hey, you guys are going to want to do this, this, this, then this." But I'm not able to actually correct you
guys in real time when you guys are attempting to do these things. And that's where a lot of my struggle was when I was an unprofitable trader where
I would learn these concepts and then I would go to apply them. But because I was a beginner and because I was an
unprofitable trader, I didn't necessarily know if I was making the right decisions or if I was using the confluences correctly and I had to do it
based off of my own knowledge that I had and just based off these YouTube videos. The benefit of having a mentor and the
benefit of having a coach right by your side is you guys can use these confluences and then you guys can show
it to your coach, someone like me, other profitable coaches, and then say, "Was I doing this correct?" And we could be
like, "Whoa, dude, you're completely screwing up the strategy." And just that alone, just that little tip, that piece
of advice could save you guys from 6 months worth of mistakes that you guys keep making over and over again, but you
guys don't even know that you're making that mistake over and over again because you guys think that you're marking out the confluence correct. guys think that
you're placing the trades correctly, but in turn, you're not. And it's super beneficial to have a coach like me or
somebody else that is profitable within the markets to be able to see that and be like, "Hey, I've made this mistake
before and it cost me literally 3 months of losing over and over and over again. Let me save you those 3 months of time
and let me put you guys in the right position and let's adjust this, this, this, this, this, and then boom, your
strategy is going to be perfect. You now know how to identify these confluences correctly instead of you guys just
wasting all that time." So, if that sounds like something that you guys would want to be a part of, click the link down in the description for you
guys to join the blueprint. And that being said, let's jump into strategy creation. We're going to be talking about systemizing your strategy. You
 Lesson 21: How To Build A Strategy
guys have to systemize your strategy. What do I mean by that? I'm going to lay out different tools for you guys to be
able to take trades off of, okay? Different confluences. And eventually, I'm going to give you guys my systemized
strategy. Okay? It's not it's not going to work for all of you guys. Some of you guys
think about trading differently. Again, like I said, if my [ __ ] doesn't work for you, choose something else. But when you
choose something else, systemize it. And this is probably why the majority of you guys are not able to
be profitable with like SMC or ICT concepts. It's not that they don't work.
It's that you guys don't have a system. You guys don't have a step-by-step plan
on how you're supposed to enter a trade. If you guys just think of I don't know
like any skill like usually there's like a step by step of how to do something or
how to execute something or at least like people who are successful there's variables that are dependent and
independent. Okay, that's like it's part of like experiment. So when you guys are experimenting with your strategy, you
want to know what doesn't work and what does work. So how the [ __ ] are you
supposed to know what doesn't work and what does work if you guys change your entry strategy every [ __ ] day? So
when you guys are trying to put these tools together, a lot of you guys are going to [ __ ] this up really badly. And
I know I did this like horribly and it caused me to be really unsuccessful for
months until I figured out, okay, I have to have a systemized plan. When you guys are getting into a trade, you should
have a step by step of how you were supposed to enter. Because when you do that step by step, you're able to
immediately say, "Okay." And you're able to look back on your losing trades and
you're able to say, "Okay, 90% of the time when I enter off of order blocks, I lose. I should stop
entering off of order blocks." Remove that. and you're able to directly
identify this confluence is not working for me versus if you guys are just and
same thing like the time frames the the confluences of you guys entering
the pair that you guys are trading all of these things matter and that's why you guys should simplify [ __ ] down where
first thing like you guys should only be trading one pair second thing You guys
should only be trading during one session, okay? Because that just boom, immediately one variable plug in for
both of those things. Super easy. Strategy, we can't just have like green candle press buy, right? There's a
couple more steps. So that's why we want to simplify everything else before we get into our execution. And
again, we want to simplify our execution, too, or we want to systemize our execution. So within our execution,
this is what you guys shouldn't be doing. You shouldn't be looking at the weekly, then looking at the daily, then looking at the 4 hour, then looking at
the hourly, then looking at the 15-minute, then looking at the 5m minute, then looking at the one minute, and marking out every single confluence
on every single one of those time frames. You're doing yourself a disservice. And then along with that, what you also
shouldn't be doing is on Monday, let's say your bias is bullish and you found
that by looking at the daily time frame and the 4 hour time frame and then you entered on the one minute and you won.
And then on Tuesday, your bias is bearish and you found that by looking at the 1 hour and the 4 hour and you
entered on the 15minute and you lost. And then on Wednesday, you looked at the
weekly and the one hour and you took your trade off the one minute. You see
how that causes issues where your strategy is you guys are using
technically a different strategy every [ __ ] day
because it's not systemized. It's not look at this time frame. This time frame
gives me an input. Rotate to the next time frame. Because of that higher time
frame input, we get to go to the lower time frame input. And then we make a decision on that. From there, we go to
another time frame. We make a decision on that based off those two inputs. You guys should have a system of entry, not
just I see this, I see this, I go to this, I see this, I mark this, I mark that, and I enter. It's not how that
[ __ ] should work. You guys should see one time frame, get a bias off of that. And because of that bias, you're able to
go to another time frame. Maybe both of those time frames are to help you find your bias, right? Maybe you go on the
daily, and again, you guys will see my system, my strategy. That's why I'm talking in like vague terms right now because I don't want you guys to jump
ahead because you guys aren't even there yet. But I need to make this video for a lot of people because a lot of you guys
are just shooting yourselves in in the foot. Okay? So like maybe your systemized strategy is I go on the daily
time frame and I see what the what what my bias is based on the overall trend
and then I have that boom that's input one. The bias on the daily is bullish. We rotate to the 4our. We see on the 4
hour the bias is still bullish. Okay. So because of that we have two bullish
biases, two inputs and then because of those two inputs we're able to rotate to
like the 15minut time frame. And then we're looking for a sweep of high time
frame liquidity. And then from there we're looking for a break of structure. And then from there we're looking for
one of my entry confluences. Okay? Whether that be like order block, fair
value gap, equilibrium, breaker block, and then we're looking for reactions out of that.
See how that's systemized? We have we go from daily, 4 hour, 15. And that's not my strategy. I just pulled that [ __ ] out
of my ass. Don't don't use that. We went from daily 4hour overall bias rotate
into 15minute confluence confluence entry. It's a
step-by-step program. And then from there, when you see, okay,
when I enter off of an order block within that program, I'm more likely to you lose because you're journaling all
of your trades, as you should, I'm more likely to lose. My probability when I'm trading off of order blocks is
a lot lower. Boom. You no longer are able to trade off of order blocks. Your probability of winning goes higher. Now
we're trading daily 4hour liquidity sweep break of structure only
enter off of fair value gap equilibrium breaker block. Okay, we see that our probability is a lot lower off of
equilibrium. We take that out. probability of winning goes higher until
you have literally a stepby [ __ ] step program of being able to enter into a trade.
that one won't give you a trade every single day, but two, you know, your
probability is going to be so high because you were able to take out all of those variables and you know what your
probability is going into every single day and every single trade
because of that step-by-step process that you guys laid out where it's so easy where you literally can just sit on
your hands and not do [ __ ] ever
until those steps have been completed. And then once those steps get completed,
it's brainless work. You press buy or you press sell. You set your stop-loss.
You set your take profits and we're on our way.
That is how strategy should work. It shouldn't be you like literally every
single day you guys are trading a different strategy. I hope you understand that you guys are trading off of a different confluence every day. You
guys are finding your daily bias based off different time frames every day. You guys are entering. You guys are you guys
pro you guys have like 30 different strategies that you guys are trying to trade with every single day that you
guys don't even know are 30 different strategies and you're labeling it as one strategy. It's not one strategy. Right
now, what you guys are doing is you guys have a bunch of tools, a bunch of confluences
and you're just bundling them all up together and like throwing them at the chart and trying trying to get a winning
trade out of it. That's not how this [ __ ] works. systemize your strategy and
then you guys will be able to identify what's causing you to lose versus right now your strategy is like I'm going to
look at seven different time frames and enter off of three different new
confluences per day and you have no [ __ ] clue why you're winning or why you're losing and then
when you go to do your journaling you're literally guessing why you're why you're losing.
You're saying, "Oh, like it didn't work out for this." No, bro.
Like you got with the systemized strategy, you guys will be able to see 80% of the time when I enter off of like
fair value gaps, I suck dick at them. So, I'm no longer going to do that.
Boom. That just takes away a fat chunk of your losing trades. that boosts your
profitability immediately by systemizing your strategy until you guys can break it down and
simplify it so much where you guys literally just remove everything that
has low probability within your system so that your system is purely high probability.
So, I wanted to make this video to hopefully help you guys one, start systemizing your strategy if you guys
haven't already, and two, prepare you guys to make sure that once I do lay out
all these tools for you guys, you guys don't just go apehit and start throwing hammers and nails and [ __ ] wrenches
at some [ __ ] without having any clue what you're doing. And of you know like then you guys will have and I will say I
[ __ ] up in the past like with the boot camp like I [ __ ] up where I didn't give you guys a systemized strategy. I
kind of just like assumed and that's probably the worst thing to do especially with people who are beginners. You should never [ __ ]
assume. This time around we're not doing that. That's why we're changing the way of the the tool and confluence delivery.
we will be able to take systemized entries and exits
and it's going to be awesome and hopefully it takes you one step closer to being a higher probability and a more
profitable trader all for [ __ ] free. Let's get it. Oh, say does that star
spangled ber yet way
for the land of the free
and the home of the
brave. Figured we might as well start off with
some some [ __ ] patrioticness before we give you guys the first piece
of the strategy. Okay, so this is going to be one of many videos. Who knows how
many parts this is going to take. We're going to break this down as simple as possible for you guys. Again, who knows
how many parts this is going to take. We're going to take as many parts as we need to in order for us to drill this
[ __ ] into your guys' mini ass [ __ ] brains. Okay? So,
you guys remember our confluences. Yes, you guys remember everything that I've ever taught you ever in the entire
world. Right? Wrong. So, go back and re rewatch, reread.
Start off. Welcome to the [ __ ] strategy video. The [ __ ] strategy video, [ __ ] Okay. All right. Focus.
There's going to be several several parts of this to preface this. This first one that I'm
going to give you guys, this is like beginner and then as the rest of this
goes on, the more [ __ ] advanced it's going to get because there's going to be more and more things that we can add to
this to make it better. Okay? Okay, so you're probably going to watch this and be like,
"Yeah, TJR, you're such a piece of [ __ ] You taught me the [ __ ] basic [ __ ] strategy." Well, guess what, little
[ __ ] Timmy, you don't know [ __ ] about trading yet. So, shut up and eat your
pacifier. You're [ __ ] binky. Okay, so basic [ __ ] strategy step by step.
Here we go. Okay, step one, we treat our 4hour and
our hourly as our daily bias. And keep in mind,
there's a million other ways to trade. This is just my strategy. You guys want to trade like me, this works for you, cool. Remember, think back to our
psychology videos. Think back to literally videos like one through five or whatever it was before we started
Confluences. Watch those shits and remember what I was telling you guys about how this shit's going to take
time. And if my strategy doesn't make sense to you, get the [ __ ] out of here, okay? And I that's boom, like I taught
you something, get the [ __ ] out, okay? If this [ __ ] doesn't make sense. So the way that I like to trade is I like to
catch one to threehour moves. Okay? So ideally I'm in the market for 1 to 3
hours. Sometimes it's a little bit less, but ideally I'm catching like a 3hour movement. Okay? Okay. So, with that in
mind, are we really trying to figure out a weekly move? Not necessarily.
So, I like to stay away from the daily time frame because if we look at the daily time frame, that's really giving us a prediction of, okay, where is the
where are the next couple days going to go? I don't really give a [ __ ] about that. We want to scale down one step
lower and start looking at, okay, where are the next four hours going to go? Where are the next hours going to go?
Okay. And we're going to treat that as our daily bias or as our bias going into our trading day. Okay. So, treat the 4
hour and the 1 hour as
our bias. Okay. So, what does that mean? Look. Whoa. Chill out on look. Okay. Not lower
case. Look. Okay. Look at 4hour trend.
Okay, we're looking at the 4 hour and the 1 hour trend. What is something that we know? That's just basic ass [ __ ]
Higher time frames hold higher power, right? Because if the 4 hour says, "Hey, look, we're going to go [ __ ] up." And
the hourly says, "Wait, no, we're going to go down." Longer term, if the 4hour time frame is saying we're going [ __ ]
up, the hourly is probably hitting a [ __ ] retrace on our ass. Okay, so with that in mind, we want to look at
the 4our trend and that's going to be our overall bias. We see the 4hour trend, right? Is it a [ __ ] uptrend or
is it a [ __ ] downtrend? Simple as [ __ ] We're not trying to predict
reversals. We look at the 4hour trend and we know, okay, this is where the
next 4 hours are likely going to go. Too bad, so sad if we take a loss because
the 4hour break structure. Ideally, we're not trying to catch reversals on the 4 hour. Okay? We're trying to stay
within the trend. So, or
bias is based on 4hour trend. If
boom. Simple as [ __ ] Our bias, our overall daily outlook on the day is
based on the 4hour trend. If the 4 hour is in an uptrend, what does that mean? Higher highs, higher lows, breaking structure to the upside. Cool. We're
bullish. If it's in a downtrend, we are bearish. Lower lows, lower highs.
Step four, look at the 1 hour trend. Okay, what does the 1 hour trend let us
do? It helps us decide what lower time frame we are going to scale into to end
up looking for a trade. Okay, so we're going to look at the hourly trend. If
[Applause]
If the 1 hour trend is in line with the 4hour trend,
we're looking at the 1 hour trend and if we see boom, the 4 hour is bullish and the hourly is bullish. Bet. We can scale
down into the five minute and look for execution points within there. Okay, we
cool if
[Applause]
[Applause] the 1 hour is in an opposite. Okay, I'm
going to change this to opposite.
If the 1 hour trend, if the 1 hour trend is in an opposite trend, then the 4hour trend, then we have to execute on a
higher time frame, aka the 15minute. Okay, so if the 4 hour is bullish and the hour
and the hourly is bearish, what do we get to do? We get to scale down onto the 15-minute time frame and
then look for execution points. Cool. Cool. We just laid out how we find our
daily bias and then how we're going to scale down. Simple, simple, simple. And again, this is the simple baby ass [ __ ]
You're probably going to be like, TJR, I only found [ __ ] one trade this week. It probably hit take profit
if you're going to follow this step by step, rule by rule. If you don't follow this step by step rule by rule, you'll
find 20 trades and be on that one [ __ ] spectrum. I love freedom of speech. Okay, step six.
Okay, remember 4 hour. If it's bullish, cool.
We know that we're looking for buys. We're we're bullish for the day. And then if the 1 hour is bullish, cool.
We're still bullish. We get to scale down into the fiveminut time frame and look look for execution points.
reverse. If the 4 hour is bullish and the hourly is bearish, what does that
make us? Still bullish. Higher time frame holds higher power. Where where can we execute down to the
15-minut time frame? Okay, we need higher time frame execution points, higher time frame confirmation.
Uh, cool. Cool. from there. What
[Applause] What are our execution
points? What are our execution points? Well,
what do we always most often look for when trying to take a trade? First
things first, where's the top of a trend going to reverse from? Liquidity sweep.
And what is something that we know about pretty much the majority of the time every single market open there's going
to be liquidity sweep. Okay. So our execution points are going to be as so
we're going to how should we do this? We're going to go A. That was a one. A
liquidity liquidity sweep plus break of structure.
What are we looking for? A liquidity sweep on a higher time frame. Not on the
15-minut, not on the 5m minute. Okay, we want to see it on the higher time frame. So, what does that mean for us? What are
our higher time frames? What are we only looking at? 1 hour and 4 hour. Boom. So liquidity sweep
1 hour or 4hour draws of liquidity.
Okay. And break of structure on five minute or
Okay. So, step one, we understand our bias. Okay. Whatever the 4 hour is
telling us, that's what our bias is. From there, if we have a bullish bias,
what are we looking for? We're looking for draws of liquidity underneath lows on the high time frames on the 4 hour
and the 1 hour. Okay? So, if we're bullish, we're looking for 1 hour lows and 4hour lows. We're marking those out.
The next step within that, if if we get into those draws of
liquidity, once we see those levels hit, if we don't see those levels hit, nothing happens. The way I teach my
mastermind students, I say, find the 4hour trend. If we if we're bullish,
cool. We highlight the high time frame lows. We get our hands and we shove them
into our ass and we don't do anything until those prices are hit. Once they're
hit, we can scale in into either the 5m minute or the 15-minute based on both
the 4hour and the 1 hour trends. Right? So, if the 4 hour is bullish and the hourly is bullish, then we get a sweep
of lows on either the 1 hour or the 4 hour, cool. we scale down into the 5minut time frame and the next thing
we're looking for is a break of structure. If the 4hour is bullish and the hourly is bearish, what are we
looking for? We're still looking for lows and we can still use both the hourly lows and 4hour lows. Draws of
liquidity doesn't change based on the trend. Okay? So, if we're bullish on the 4 hour, but we're bearish on the hourly,
we're still looking for lows. We highlight every single low that's based on the hourly and the 4hour chart. We
put our hands on our ass until those prices get hit. Cool. We wait. We see
those prices get hit. When where can we scale down into the 15-minute time frame? What are we looking for following
that? A 15-minute break of structure. Cool. Cool. Moving forward.
Step B. Again, once both of these have
[Applause]
Once both of these have happened, we're looking for our third confluence. Okay.
What are our what is what are the other confluences that we have? Order block,
fair value gap, breaker block, equilibrium. Those four. Okay.
Damn. Come on.
Okay, now let's break this down again. 4 hours bullish, hourly is bullish. Boom.
Hands in our ass. We know that we're waiting for lows to be swept. We see a 1 hour low get swept. Perfect. Muddy hands
out. Boom. We can scale down to the 5minute cuz the 4 hour and the hourly are in line. From there, we wait for a
fivem minutee breakup structure. Boom. What do we move down to? Then the last and final step. We're waiting for our
third confluence. We're waiting for either an order block to get hit, a fair value gap to get hit, a breaker block to
get hit, or equilibrium to get hit. Okay? We don't do anything until these
[ __ ] get hit. We don't even do anything once they're hit. We need one more step. Pause this right here. Okay.
Moving forward. If the 4 hour is bullish, but the hourly is bearish, we are waiting for a high time frame
liquidity sweep still to the downside because the 4 hour is bullish. We're waiting for either hourly lows to get
swept or 4 hours lows to get swept. Our hands are in our ass until that happens. We see those lows get swept. Muddy hands
come out. 15minute time frame scale down. We're waiting for a 15-minute break of structure. From there, we're
looking for our third confluence. We're either looking for an order block on the 15-minute for a value gap on the 15-minute, breaker block on the
15-minute, or equilibrium on the 15-minute. Cool. Cool.
Last and final step.
[Applause]
[Applause] We need to see buying pressure or selling pressure in order to execute out
of these confluences, right? Because if we just enter right when they get hit, how the [ __ ] do we know if they actually
held, right? If we think back to breaker blocks, remember, how are these breaker blocks even formed? It's off a
confluence confluence getting invalidated because it just gets blown through. We don't want to end up being
[ __ ] busted through like a [ __ ] breaker block. We want to wait for our
confluence to get hit and then buying pressure out or selling pressure out in order to execute. Okay, so what does
that look like? Literally just a green candle up and out of the order block, a
green candle up and out of the fair value gap, a green candle up and out of the breaker block, a green candle closing above equilibrium. Okay? or a
red candle closing underneath an order block, red candle closing underneath a fair value gap, red candle closing
underneath a breaker block, or red candle closing underneath equilibrium. Okay, so we need to see buying or
selling pressure out of these confluences. And tomorrow when we go into actually pointing this [ __ ] out on
the chart, I know this is a lot to write down. I the goal today, we're already 22 minutes in 22 minutes into this [ __ ] I
just want you guys to write this down so we can get our strategy down. And again, this is the simple [ __ ] There's another piece that we're going to add on to this
after, but right now, this is all we're going to get. Okay, last and final.
ABCDE E. Okay, [Applause]
once you see pressure, execute. We are going to get into take profits. We're going to get into stop losses.
once we start adding more and more stuff. Okay, all I want for you guys today is to understand this. Okay, this
is how we find our overall daily bias, right? We're looking for the 4hour trend in the 1 hour trend. That's how we
figure out what time frames we're going to scale down into. Okay, from there we figure out our
execution points. Okay, we understand that we're looking for a liquidity sweep. Okay, and again again this is the
simplest [ __ ] We're going to add more to this and we're going to add different things that we can change within this as
things happen, whether it happens during pre-market or postmarket. Okay? But again, that forget about that [ __ ] right
now. This is all I want you guys to know because this is this is the simplest [ __ ] strategy. We did this with my
mastermind, my first mastermind, and all of them literally like just by being
disciplined using risk management and executing purely based off these steps alone. Don't do anything else besides
these steps and you will be successful. I promise you. No matter [ __ ] what. I guarantee you, you will be successful
within the markets. How many trades will you take? I don't [ __ ] know. It's not going to be a lot. But you will you will
win more trades than you lose if you follow this [ __ ] word for word, bar forbar. A lot of you guys are going to
get into the market and then try this [ __ ] and you're going to take 10 trades in a
single day and you're doing it wrong. I I haven't taken I haven't seen a single
trade using this strategy the past two weeks.
Okay, so if that gives you any sort of idea of like how simple and how basic
this is, but also it's really [ __ ] effective. This is like the most beginner the most simple ass [ __ ] And
and again, we're going to add a lot more onto this afterwards, okay? But right now, this is the basic [ __ ] that I need
you guys to understand. Write this [ __ ] down. This is your first This is like the [ __ ] base of your strategy. If
you guys can't understand this, I don't know what you're going to do. This is
This is like just I learned this today. This is like a regular Glock.
And then we're going to add an 18 [ __ ] barrel attachment and then a switch and then a [ __ ] flashlight.
and then a red dot and then a [ __ ] beam on that [ __ ] and then we're going to be lethal killers. But right now, we
just have the [ __ ] base of the [ __ ] And that's what this is. Cool. And because you guys learned this,
I don't want to see any of you guys taking [ __ ] trades on Monday cuz you guys still don't know [ __ ] We haven't
even talked about how we can identify all of these things together. We just had to break this down just to explain
this [ __ ] for you guys. Tomorrow we are going to talk about where that even lies and how to understand where the [ __ ] it
is on the chart. Okay, cool. Got it. Awesome. All right, guys. Welcome to
strategy creation part number two. So, as you guys remember, this is how we
start looking into our trades. Okay, this is kind of our step-by-step plan,
our base foundation of how we're going to start looking into trades. So, now that we understand this, we're
going to go into identifying these on the chart. And as you guys know, I pretty much told you guys, hey, um, the
past two weeks by using this, there wasn't even a trade to take. So, with that being said, we kind of have to go
back 2 weeks in order to start identifying these. And again, it's not an issue because as we start adding on
to this, you're going to start seeing that, hey, there's a potential trade to take almost every single day, not with
just Wow. Booger came out cuz I got so
aggressive with you guys.
Not with just this, but with the other things that we're able to add on to
this. Okay, that's how we're going to start finding more and more trades. But for
now, with just this basic ass simple ass strategy, literally square one noob
territory, this is all that we can do for now. Okay? Cuz again, you guys don't know anything about trading. You guys
don't even know how to enter a trade. You guys don't know where to put your stop loss. You guys don't know where to put your takeprofit. We're going to get
there in part three probably. But right now, let's just talk about identifying these. Okay? Let's go back like two
freaking weeks. Let's go back in here.
Okay, this seems like a decent spot. First of all, we're only trading New York session.
Okay, so we're actually just going to go in here and start just highlighting
every New York session from here on out. Boom. I know there's
like an indicator that you can put on that shows New York open, but
me personally, it's kind of like weird to do that if you ask me.
Okay, I'll move that one later. Friday.
I need to keep in mind that some of these were high impact news days,
but regardless, we're just going to walk through
as many of these as possible.
Boom. Okay, cool.
Which one was the one that was set at night? This one. 9:30 now. Bet. Okay, we're going to
start right here. Let's go into the 4 hour.
Start off. Remember what are we looking for
prior to market open? Okay, we're looking at the overall bias of market.
Okay, so right here we got a break of structure to the downside on the 4 hour. Price continues lower. Okay, boom.
Right, we don't know that this 4hour candle is going to close bullish until
like 30 minutes into market open. So we just need to keep that in mind. Okay. So, for the time being, price is
bearish. Okay. On the 4 hour. So, what are we looking for? We're looking for sells. Scale down into the hourly.
Okay. On the hourly time frame, again, we do not understand that price is going to be bearish until we see boom, this
hourly candle close, which is 30 minutes into market open. Okay. Okay. So, for
the time being, we're still bearish. Okay. So, we're bearish on both the 4hour
and the hourly. Okay. Because we never see a breakup structure to the upside on the hourly. We see this breakup
structure to the downside. Okay? This is the high. This is the high. This is the high. We don't see a breakup structure
until market open. Okay. So, with that being said, we can scale down into the five minute time frame. Not the
15-minute, the 5m minute because we know, hey,
the hour or sorry, let's stay on the hourly for a bit. The hourly time frame and the 4 hour are bearish. Okay, from
there, what are we doing during pre-market? We're marking out highs, right? We want to identify our high time
frame draws of liquidity. Okay, so boom, we're marking out 1 hour highs and 4hour
highs. Okay. Boom. Okay. Price is probably not
going to go all the way up until that 4 hour high. All the way up there.
All right. Okay. We scale into the 5minute time frame. Okay. Boom. Market opens.
What do we see? We price we see price draw into these hourly highs. Okay. Okay, we have this hourly high all the
way up the up here that doesn't get hit. We see price draw into these hourly highs. What are we looking for? Boom. We
can pull our muddy hands out of our ass after these high time frame draws of liquidity get hit and we can start
looking for a breaker structure on the 5minut time frame. Okay, from there,
boom, we see a breaker structure to the downside. Now, what are we looking for? We're looking for one of our
confluences. Okay, where do we see a confluence? Well, there's an imbalance right here.
Right from this wick down to this wick, we see it get filled and then boom, we see bearish confluence out of that. What
else can we identify? Well, there's an order block, but it starts all the way down here. There's a
breaker, but it starts right here. So, really not much else. We can go ahead and mark out equilibrium if we would
like, but we really just need one of our
We really just need one of our other confluences, our continuation confluences to be able to enter because
we have what high time frame liquidity sweep. We have our 4hour and our hourly in line. We got our breakup structure.
We're just waiting for that last confluence with rejection to the downside. Okay, so with that being said,
we see boom, price comes up. We see a break of structure to the downside with this candle right here. We see this
imbalance get formed. We see price push up into it. We see this bearish candle. But what happens? Remember, I want to
see the candle close out of there. Okay.
So, boom. We finally see this candle close out of there. Perfect entry right here.
Okay. And then from there, we're not going to talk about take profits, but we can see
that after this entry, yeah, we're stuck in a little bit of draw down with this leg up, but then boom, price floods to
the downside. Okay, so that's Monday. Let's move over to the next day.
Start off on the 4 hour. And again, some of these days we probably won't even see trades. Other
days we we might [ __ ] lose trades, okay? But
again, like I literally just drew out all these days in a row and we're going to try and get through a lot of these,
okay? And and again, the more we do this, the more you guys will see how it works. So going into Tuesday, okay, this
is market open. All right, we see the 4 hour is bearish. Okay, so what are we
looking for? We're looking for sells. Why? Because the 4 hour is bearish. Our bias is bearish based on the 4 hour.
Then what do we do? We try and see what time frame we can scale down into by looking at the 1 hour time frame. Okay.
So boom, we scale in. Oops. We scale into the 1 hour time frame.
This is Monday, Tuesday. Okay. We scale into the 1 hour time frame. What do we see? Boom. Prior to
market open, we have these hourly lows. Okay, we had a break of structure to the upside, but then boom, prior to market
open, we see a breakup structure to the downside. Okay, so what are we? We're bearish on both the 4hour and the
hourly. So what are we looking to? Looking towards prior to market open, we're looking for highs within the
market, right? Because we're bearish, we're looking for high time frame sweeps. So we have an hourly high right here. We have an hourly high right here
and oops, right here. And the next hourly high is all the way up here. We
could also look at the 4 hour, but I believe this was a 4 hour high. From there, since the hourly and the 4 hour
are both bearish, we're able to scale into the 5m minute time frame. Okay, and
start looking for trades. Okay, we get in here, market opens, we
sweep out one of our high time frame draws on liquidity. What can we do? Pull our hands out of our ass. Now, what are
we waiting for? We're looking for a liquidity sweep or sorry, we already had our liquidity sweep. We're waiting for a
break of structure to the downside on the 5minute. When do we get that? Literally right after boom, we break
structure to the downside on the 5minute. Now, let's mark out literally every single one of our confluences.
This leg up, what does that turn into? This turns into an order block. I'll go ahead and just turn that into a blue
thing. This identifies the order block. What is this down move prior to that breakup structure? Boom. This turns into
a breaker. What else can we identify? We have boom. This is a fair value gap. We
also have this is a fair value gap. Okay,
we can go ahead and mark out equilibrium from boom swing high down to swing low.
Okay, so let's see out of all these confluences which one gets hit. Did
equilibrium get hit on this pullback? Nope. Did the order block get hit on the
pullback? Nope. Did the breaker block get hit on the pullback? Nope. Did this fair value gap get hit on the pullback?
Nope. Did this fair value gap get hit on the pullback? Yes, it did. Okay, we see price get a move up. Okay, we see the
imbalance from this wick down to this wick. We see one move up and then we see boom wick right into it. And then what
do we see? It closes bearish out of that. Okay, entry right here on that
close. And again, I'm going to show you guys how we can get better entries so we're not stuck in D draw down like
this. But what do we see? Okay, price moves down for a little bit. Hip hip hooray. Psych. We move up. We fill this
imbalance in a little bit more. Again, we don't know where our stop losses and where our takeprofits are yet, but we
see long-term price makes a big move.
Boom. 22 ticks to the downside for an awesome
bearish move. Okay, that's two days in a row that we crushed it using that strategy. Okay, let's move on on to
Wednesday. Let's see how Wednesday played out. And again, this is like not cherrypicked. This is literally me walk
like this me walking through the [ __ ] with you guys. Okay, so this was Monday,
Tuesday, Wednesday. Okay, so going into Wednesday, what are we? We are bearish on the 4
hour time frame prior to market open, right? We have these highs right here. We have these highs right here. We never see a breakup structure to the upside
till obviously after during the day. But we're bearish on the 4 hour. What are we looking for? We're looking for sells.
Okay, we go into the hourly time frame. Let's look at the hourly prior to market open. Okay, what are we? We are bearish,
right? Because we see boom, there's no highs that are being broken. Okay, going
into pre-market. What are we doing? We're
marking out the high time frame draws of liquidity. What are we looking for? We have boom, these hourly highs. We also
have boom, these hourly highs. We also have boom, these hourly highs. All of
these have potential to be draws on liquidity. Since both the 4hour and the hourly are in line, we can scale down
into the 5m minute to be able to take our confluences and take our trade.
Okay, let's get into this. Okay, market boom market opens. We see boom hourly time
frame confluence gets hit. Hands out of our ass. Okay, what are we looking for?
Break structure to the downside. Boom. When do we get it? Right after. Okay, now what are we looking for? Okay, let's
start labeling our confluences. We have an imbalance right here.
Okay, we have this as a breaker block, but
price doesn't even get any lower than that. So, there's no even like retesting this. We have this move up as an order
block. But again, price isn't even underneath there at that point. And we can go ahead and mark out equilibrium
from these highs down to these lows. And we don't see that get hit either. So our entry is going to be on this fair value
gap. This was a trade that I took and I actually lost on this trade. However, we'll go over NASDAQ on the same exact
day and show you guys how we won on this. But continuing
or actually there's no reason to even do that. This is just explanation sake. I don't need to show you guys that this
[ __ ] works. Okay, we come up, we sweep liquidity, we get a break structure to the downside. Okay, we see this
imbalance. Okay, we see boom, it gets filled. We see boom, closure out of that. This is going to be our entry
right here. Unfortunately for us, you probably would have been stopped out. I personally was stopped out on this trade
when I took it. But we can see that price ends up continuing down, making a
downwards move and then boom, news came out this day. Price ends up moving higher and higher. Okay. And like I was
saying on NASDAQ, there was a similar trade that ended up hitting take profit.
I'm pretty sure I put it on like a trade recap somewhere. If you guys really want to go over and look at it, you guys can.
But boom. First L using this two wins, one loss. Okay, let's move forward to
Thursday. See if there's any trades to take on Thursday. We're grinding through this
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Okay, Thursday. What are we? We are bullish on the 4 hour. And I think if I remember this correctly, there were no
trades to take on this day. Okay, so we're bullish on the 4 hour. Why? We got a breaker structure to the upside right
here. Boom. Carrying into market open. Right, we're seeing nothing but bulls. Okay, go into the hourly time frame. Oh,
wait. There actually was a trade today. Okay, go into the hourly time frame.
Boom. We see that we're breaking structure higher and higher to the upside on the hourly time frame. Cool.
So, we're bullish on both the 4our and the hourly time frame. Another perfectly aligned high time frame for us. We've
only been able to scale into the 5minute. We haven't necessarily had one of those 15-minute entries yet. Okay.
Hopefully we can have an example of that sometime along here. Okay, so boom. What
are we looking for prior to market open? We're looking for high time frame lows to sweep cuz we're
bullish, right? Okay, so we have this hourly low. We have this hourly low and all the way down here. We have this
potential hourly low down here. Okay, what do we do? Scale into the 5minute. We're waiting for those confluences to
get hit and then we can pull our hands out of our ass if we end up seeing anything.
Okay. Oh yeah, now I remember this one. There's still no trade to take. Okay. So
on this we see boom, market opens. We can pull our hands out of our ass because we see that liquidity had been
taken out. Our high time frame liquidity is taken out. What do we see after that? A break of structure. Boom. To the
upside. Now what are we looking for? We're looking for our third confluence.
Okay. So boom, we have an imbalance right here. We have an imbalance
right here. This move down turns into an order block. And this move up right here
is our breaker. Okay. We can also go ahead and mark out equilibrium.
Boom. Do we see any of our confluences hit?
No, unfortunately not. Okay. We don't see the We don't see equilibrium hit. We
don't see this imbalance get hit. We don't see this order block get hit. We don't see this breaker block get hit.
And we don't see this imbalance get hit. Again, like I was saying before this, I remember this day. I was never I was
never able to take a trade on ES. I'm pretty sure there was a good trade on
NASDAQ. Again, you guys can probably go back and look and see if there actually
was in the trade recaps uh videos, but boom. This was an example of a day where
there's no trades to be taken. All right, moving forward,
Friday of this same week,
Thursday, Friday. Okay, Friday, what are we on the 4 hour? We are bullish. Okay,
right? We can see price keeps moving higher and higher. Okay, we keep getting break structures to the upside. We go
into the hourly time frame. What are we? We are bullish. Okay, where
what do we want to mark out? We want to mark out our hourly lows. Okay, we have an hourly low right here.
We have another hourly low right here that was actually already swept. We have another hourly low right here that's pretty much equal that hourly low. So,
boom. This is really our only hourly low. What are we able to do? Since the 4 hour and the hourly are bullish, we're
able to scale into the 5minut time frame. Okay, there's really only one low that we want to be targeting.
Okay, we see market push all the way down, barely miss it, and boom. Okay,
yeah, you can say, oh, you know, price came down and swept out liquidity all
the way down here. Cool. We can mark it out just for [ __ ] sake. But again, like this is this is literally like
seconds away from Asian session, right? We're not going to be sitting on the charts for how long would that be? 9,
bro. Yeah, like 11 hours. No thank you. But anyways, that we finally see that
get hit. Okay, we get a break structure to the upside on the 5m minute. Okay, I don't even need to mark out the other
confluences cuz market closes like right here. But again, a day where there's no
trades to be taken. I want to ah actually there's no reason
to even check. Okay, let's go into Monday
of the next week. So this is Friday. Monday.
Okay, Monday of the next week, we are still bullish. Okay, we don't know that we're going to close to the downside on
the 4hour time frame right here. Okay, we are going to be monitoring 4hour low
4hour lows and hourly lows. Okay, 4 hour is bullish. Let's go into the hourly.
Boom. The hourly was bullish going into market open, right? We can see price is moving higher and higher. Okay, with
that being said, we're going to go ahead and mark out hourly lows. Okay, so boom, we have this hourly low right here. We
have this hourly low all the way down here. Okay, and we have this hourly low right here. Okay. What are we able to
do? Since the 4 hour and the hourly are in line, we're able to scale down into the five minute time frame.
Okay. What do we see here? Okay. Boom. Price liquidity gets swept. Both of these
draws of liquidity get swept. Okay. What are we looking for? We're looking for a breaker structure. Boom.
We see highs right here. Nothing. Highs right here. Finally, breaker structure right here. Now what are we looking for?
We see the break. We're looking for imbalances. Do we see any imbalances? No. No imbalances
formed. Do we see Okay, we have this
order block right here. Okay. Not necessarily a the
best confluence. Okay. And then we have this breaker block.
right here. Super wide price range again. What are what are we going to be
doing with this? Not much. Okay. And then kind of our last hope. We
can go ahead and mark out equilibrium from here. Okay. So, this is a perfect
example of a day that I wouldn't necessarily want to trade because we can
see price comes down. We do get this sweep. We do get a break of structure, but we don't get a fair value gap. We
see price push like all the way down here. We see price chopping around. Yeah, we we could technically say,
"Okay, cool." Like, if we're beginners and we're just following that [ __ ] step by step, step for step, bar, bar for
bar. Cool. Maybe we make a [ __ ] mistake and we want to go long here, right?
But in reality, if we're looking at this at this price action, we're probably
understanding that, okay, this sweep and then this break, we're already what, 3
hours into market open. This isn't necessarily what we're looking for, right? We see price dip all
the way down here and then cool, we get boom, legs up. Let's just say we enter. Cool. Damn, stopped out.
Okay, move on to the next day. Tuesday, Tuesday. Okay, so going into Tuesday, we
are bearish on the 4hour time frame. Okay, right. We had a break. Finally had our break structure to the downside
right here. Okay, so we're looking for shorts. Okay, we can go ahead and scale into the
hourly time frame. We'll look at the hourly time frame. We are bullish, okay, on the hourly. So, what does that
make us do? that makes us scale into the 15minute time frame, start looking for
confluences. This is the first time that we've been able to have this opportunity. Okay, so we're going to go
ahead and mark out these highs
on the hourly. We have these highs and then we have these highs all the way up here. Okay, so we're going to scale into the 15minute.
See if we see anything. Okay, we don't get a sweep of this. We see legs down.
We sweep this and then boom, we rally right back up. And again, this is a
similar situation to the last time where it does end up going in our direction. But again, is this necessarily a trade
that we want to take? Okay, we do see a sweep. We do see a break of structure to the downside on the 15-minute. Okay, we
have an imbalance right here. We see it get filled. We see it clo get
closed out of. Cool. Maybe this is our entry, right? How would this have played out
for us? Probably really [ __ ] well, right? We see price fall.
Boom. 24 ticks. Am is this. And again, this is stuff
that we're going to be getting into way, way down the line as we keep adding to the strategy, talking about times that
we want to trade, times that we want to avoid trading, stop-loss, take-profit, as we start adding even more confluences
to our strategy so we can avoid days like this. But for now, right, we're purely just
going off of what we know, and that's just the basic ass [ __ ] right? So,
cool. If we did enter on this, [ __ ] W. Clap it up. Dub. Okay. But again,
just talking about like further down the line, ideally we don't necessarily want to be taking this trade.
I'm you guys are are getting it now. I'm hoping or at least how to execute. Let's
see. This was Tuesday, Wednesday. Is this the last one that we have? Wednesday. Okay, cool.
We'll do last one. Wednesday. Okay. I believe this is when price started getting really ugly. Anyways, so
Wednesday, we are bearish. Okay. On the 4 hour, I believe. Yeah, we're moving
sideways on the 4 hour. Again, not necessarily ideal trading conditions.
Okay, we are bearish on the
bearish on the 4 hour, bullish on the hourly or actually we're bearish
prior to market open, I believe. Let's see if this candle Yeah, this candle was even. So, we were bearish on both 4hour
and the hourly. So, what does that let us do? that lets us scale down in the 5minute time frame. What are we doing? We're marking out hourly highs. And
prior to market open, we didn't even know that this was a high. So, we're not even going to mark that one out because
this down candle hadn't even been formed yet. So, we have this hourly high and we have this hourly high all the way up
here. What are we able to do? Scale down in the 5minut time frame.
Okay. Price opens. We don't get a breaking structure to the downside. nothing happens. Price moves up, we chop
sideways. Pretty, right? Like, do we want to be trading a sideways moving market like this? Not necessarily. We
also had high impact news at the end of that day. Okay. Um or sorry, the the
following day. I believe this was CPI. Um and boom,
right? We get a consolidating day again. Do we want to be trading a market that
only moves a total of 21 ticks within the day? Probably not. We want to be catching trending market moves. So, no
trade taken on this day. So,
overall, hopefully you guys after this little session, you guys get a good you guys got a good understanding of what
we're looking for, right? We first look at the 4hour time frame. We look at the bias based on its trend. Then from
there, we scale into the 1 hour time frame. And that pretty much gives us an overall direction of okay, if it's in
line with the 4hour bias, we're able to scale down to the 5m minute. If it's not in line, we're able to scale down to the 15-minute. Following that, whatever time
frame that we're able to scale down into, we're looking for a break of structure followed by a confluence. And
then we can execute. Cool. Cool. So, that's our basic ass
[ __ ] There's still a lot more to add on to this to make it a lot better because obviously, right, what we just walked
through, it's not necessarily ideal. We're not able to catch trades every single day. We're not necessarily
getting the best win rate, but it's a step in the right direction to be able to have a actual good
solid working strategy, and that's what we want to work towards. Okay, so hopefully this video was helpful,
similar to the little text text out video that we did for you guys. Again,
if you guys haven't written this down, please do screenshot it, put it somewhere, tape it on your [ __ ]
computer because this is going to help you guys a lot after we start adding more and more onto this. I did leg day
today. My legs are [ __ ] dying, bro. Oh, also, do you guys want to see this
Rolls-Royce ghost that I made when I was bored? Isn't this kind of gay? But
anyway, strategy creation numero 3. We already know our current situation,
right? Let's break it down. Even though I really don't want to type this [ __ ] out again. Step one, 4hour
trend. What is it that's bias? Boom. Two.
One hour trend. Determine
what time. Jeez, bro.
[Applause]
Okay. So, 4hour trend deter uh determines what the bias is. 1 hour
trend determines what time frame we're able to scale down to. If it's in line with the 4 hour, we go to the 5m minute.
If it's not in line, we go to the 15-minute. And then from there three
need high time frame liquid
liquidity sweep either 1 hour or 4hour.
Okay, in line with our bias. So if the 4hour bias is bullish, we're looking for lows to be swept. If the 4hour bias is
bearish, we're looking for highs to be swept. Okay. And then from there scale
to whatever
[Applause]
[Music]
Okay, so right now this is what we have. 4hour trend, what's the bias? Hourly
trend determines the bias. The hourly trend determines what time frame we can scale down to. Again, at the 4 hour and
hour line, we can go to the 5m minute. If not, we can go to the 15-minut. From there, we're looking for a high time
frame liquidity sweep either on either from 1 hour highs and lows or 4 hour highs and lows. We can mark out all of
them. We don't do anything until those get hit. And then from there, once those get hit, we can scale down to whatever
time frame that the 1 hour let us scale down to and look for a break of structure. Then a third confluence
entry, right? We see the entry. We know that the reaction out of it is just like
a candle up or a candle down. Boom. Now, wait. Yeah, we already showed that. Okay. Now,
we are going to add one more thing before we start talking about stop- losses and take profits. And then after
that, we're going to add more things to help us get even better entries. Okay? So, for the time being, we're not even
talking about stop-loss, take profit. We're talking about another way to help
our entries out and then we can get into stop-loss and take profits right after this one. Okay. So, what are we adding
to this? We're adding better ways to enter off of the third confluence. So,
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause] okay. So, hopefully this makes sense to
you guys. We'll show you guys how to identify that. But once the third confluence gets hit, so let's say the
4hour bias is bullish, the hourly bias is bullish. Cool. We can scale down into
the 5minut time frame once we get a sweep of hourly lows. Okay, so boom.
Let's say these are hourly lows. We see a sweep. We then scale down into the 5m minute. Okay, we see boom a fiveminut
break in structure. And then we also see a fair value gap right here. when price
enters into this fair value gap. Before the only way that we were getting confluence was, oh, buying power out of
it with an up candle. Cool. We enter off that. Uh, price goes higher. Now,
we're going to be able to get even more into this [ __ ] When price gets in here,
we can scale down into the one minute time frame and just wait for a one minute break of structure, enter off
that instead of having to wait for a full 5m minute candle to close. Because
if the one minute break structure within this 5minute confluence, we can pretty much assume that oh 1 minute break of
structure that is more than likely going to cause a 5minut bullish candle. Okay,
same thing to the downside. So let's say we have boom. This is an hourly high. The 4 hours bearish. Um but the hourly
is bullish. Okay. And we get a sweep of this and then we scale down into the
15-minut time frame. We see a 15-minute break of structure and price enters into this order block. Once we get into this
order block, we can scale into the fiveminut time frame and wait for a fiveminute break of structure to the
downside without having to wait for a full bearish 15-minute candle to enter.
Cool. Pretty [ __ ] simple [ __ ] on this one. Just an extra little addition to
the long uh to the step-by-step program that we've already given you guys so far. So, cool. Cool. Next video is going
to be on stop-loss and take profit points. Okay? Should be another pretty easy video. But one more step in the
process. Bull run. I'll see you guys in the next
one. Today we're going to be talking about I decided we're going to split up stop losses and take profits. We'll just
disc discuss stop losses today. Stop losses.
Why are they necessary? Because we don't want to end up like the [ __ ] Kanye clip and end up being on the spectrum
and losing a bunch of our money. We want to be on the other side of the spectrum getting paper, getting rich, getting
bread. Okay, so what do stop losses help us do? They help us stay the [ __ ] out of
losing a [ __ ] ton of money. Okay, so stop losses, why are they important and how are they useful to us? We'll pretty
much treat this almost like a confluence ass video, right? So
again, why do we use them? Why are they important? We use them so we don't lose a [ __ ] ton of money. So we're able to
use risk management. And why are they beneficial to us? because it it's pretty
much marking a specific price where our trade idea is invalidated and we want to
exit the market because we were just [ __ ] wrong. So, stop losses,
why are they useful? I wouldn't say it helps us. It makes us
makes us practice risk management. Why do we use them?
So we don't lose a [ __ ] ton of money.
And then more.
Why do this is also on top of that so we don't lose a [ __ ] ton of money and
because it identifies a price where
our trade idea is invalidated
invalidated sorry your card declined okay
they're useful for us because it helps us practice m it makes us practice risk management pretty much forces us or for
the most part unless you're like [ __ ] full porting. But it makes us practice risk management because it gives us a
set and defined area that we're fully going to get out of the market. And then why do we want to use them? Because we
don't want to lose a [ __ ] ton of money. Unless you're an idiot and you're on the other side of the spectrum that Kanye talked about and because it helps
identify a price where our trade idea is invalidated. That's why it's useful. That's why we want to apply it. Ready,
set, [ __ ] break. Let's go to the next video. um where we can m No, we'll just
put it all in one video. I was almost going to blueball you guys. Like literally just Whoa. Sorry. I'm not
allowed to do that anymore. Um but literally was just like about to like
my audience is all male, so how am I not supposed to be fruity like trying to
explain what blue balling means to you guys? Anyways, let's get in here. We're
just going to do drawings for now just so because that's all we need to do right now. We're just going to show it
on drawings and then when we get into other strategy creation videos, we can show it on the chart actually identifying these trade setups. So, for
the time being, let's go over an example of where we would put our stop losses. There's a couple places where I
typically would like to put my stop loss. So, again, we need to think about what's the
main use of these. I'm burning in this [ __ ] Literally sweating my ass off right now. So, say thank you in the
comments. Like, literally, I wish you guys could feel my chest. It's wet right
now. Okay, but anyways, let's say we see whatever our liquidity sweep breaking
structure on the lower time frame. We see the third confluence get entered in. Let's say we're on the 5m minute. Okay, we see a one minute break of structure.
Boom. And let's say we're we were able to enter off like an order block really close to the liquidity sweep for me. As
long as my takerit and we'll get into take profits tomorrow.
Okay. As long as my takerit with my first area
that I'm always going to be looking for for my stop loss is going to be over the liquidity sweep. Why? Because that
that's like without a doubt like if we're taking our trade off of this liquidity sweep.
So we know that the trade idea is completely [ __ ] bofack. we're on the
other side of the spectrum if it if price goes above this this sweep,
right? Because then it's not a [ __ ] liquidity sweep because price keeps going [ __ ] higher. Okay, so that's my
first area that I would like to put my stop loss above a liquidity sweep. If the risk-to-reward doesn't make sense
for my first take profit, and again, we'll talk about that. So, let's say my first take profit is like right here and
it doesn't make sense. Cool. What else am I going to look for? Well, within the
confluence, I'll either look for, again, this is for bear bearish bias. I'll look, we'll talk
about bullish bias next. Okay, I'll look for the highs made within the confluence
prior to that breaker structure to the downside on the lower time frame. Okay? Or I'll just look for the highs made
within the confluence that was made. So, let's say we make a 5minute high right here and we're continuing down. Cool. And then we find our entry within the 1
minute time frame right here. Awesome. My stop loss is going to be above those highs. Cool. As long And again, this
makes it a little bit risky because what happens if price goes up here? Is your trade idea invalidated?
 Lesson 22: Strategy Creation pt. 1
Well, not completely.
Sort of because you thought that price was going to go lower from here and then it ended up wanting to go a little bit
higher, taking out these highs. But overall your bias was correct because you were still able to identify the
liquidity sweep. So that's where you want to debate with yourself and see okay is this worth taking the risk of
taking this trade or would I rather just sit this one one out based on the riskreward. Okay. So, again, that's if
your take profit is like right here and you have a horrible risk-to-reward, but
you see a 5-minute high, you see the break, okay, and you're like, "Okay, bet. Now, this makes sense because it's
a one one. Cool. Gets hit. Yay. We're rich." Not okay, moving forward.
This Norton security [ __ ] always asks me to restart my computer. Who do you think I am, bro?
Okay, that's mainly where I like to put my stop losses. Either above the liquidity
sweep. Again, that's going to be our highest confluence. Like, okay, boom. If the liquidity sweep gets taken out, bet.
Like, we're it's said and [ __ ] done, right? Our trade idea would we're just really [ __ ] at this because it wasn't a
liquidity sweep. And that's what we were basing our whole [ __ ] trade off of. or we're going to be basing off it off
of okay that confluence area right we see the fair value gap boom we make like a
5m minute high we get our entry somewhere within here cool another area that I like to put my stop loss again
maybe my take-profit is like right here
and the stop loss or let's say it's like [ __ ] here okay and and And the stop
loss doesn't make sense to put it over or sorry.
And the stop loss if it's going to be above here, it's still an insane risk-to-reward ratio.
But because of that scary ass [ __ ] where price could push higher, go to another
confluence, and because our riskreward is so good, we can give our stop loss a little bit
of breathing room. So instead of putting it above the high that's made within the confluence, we just put it above the
confluence itself because what happens if price wants to just push a little deeper into the confluence and then go lower from there. Still a possibility
happens all the time. So those are really like the three Damn, bro. Those are really like the three levels of of
stop-loss areas that I like like to put my stop loss at. First and foremost is going to be above or below the
liquidity. Second is going to be the high that's made within the third confluence. Okay?
And third is just going to be above the confluence itself. Right? If we have a fair value gap,
[Applause] we have a fair value gap. Price pushes in there, makes a high. Okay? This is a possible spot. And then also above there
is a possible spot. And again, why is this better? Because we could push higher into the confluence and then go
lower. But again, if we push fully past that confluence, the trade idea is essentially bunk because we were trying
to take a trade off of this confluence, off of this price range. Cool. And it's
going to be the same thing to the upside. So, boom. We see the liquidity sweep again. The most ideal stop loss is
going to be underneath these lows because if price comes down here, boom, we're on the spectrum and we didn't
identify this liquidity sweep correctly. Okay, moving forward,
if um we have a little confluence, [ __ ] fair value gap right here. Okay,
second area that we can put our stop loss is going to be right within here. Okay, let's say we find our entry right here. We can go ahead and plop our stop
loss right there. Take profit like boom, breaking here. Cool. Nice. And then
remember, if our first takeprofit, it gives us a lot of room, right? A really good risk-to-reward. our last area if we
if we want to give our trade potential to work uh potential breathing room because we're scared about this being a
like super strong confluence. Okay. And price potentially do this. Our third
area to put our stop loss is just underneath that confluence that we're taking a trade off of. Because again,
if price goes down into this like this and then continues higher, the trade idea wasn't [ __ ] bunkked because it
still used the the confluence that we wanted to take a trade off of, right? So, there's varying levels of risk to
this. This is pretty much like our best bet underneath the liquidity sweep or over the liquidity sweep. Second best
bet is going to be underneath or over the confluence. And then third best bet is going to be on the higher low made within the confluence.
Cool. And cool stop losses explained.
I'll see you guys in the next one. I appreciate you. Last video we covered stop losses. Today we will be covering
 Lesson 26: Take Profits
takeprofits. should be a relatively easy um day and we're going to use the trade
that I took yesterday to help us um identify take profits. So, first of all,
I just want to sit in front of you guys and have you guys look at my pretty face and also tell you guys the benefit of
having take profits besides making [ __ ] money. Um, and also a couple
different strategies that you guys could use because you guys don't necessarily have to use my strategy of taking
profits. And you guys don't even have to be using my trading strategy. But if you guys are like, "Hey, I need to know
where and how to take profits from the market, cool. This video is for you. Let's get into it." So, why are take
profits beneficial? One, it helps us make money within the market. And two, we need a set price or
a set area for us to be able to just cash out or take money out of the market
because as we know, we're trading on like five 15 hourly increments, okay?
We're trying to catch like 1 to three hour moves. We're not trying to catch daily moves unless you're a swing
trader. Again, this is going to v vary, but whatever time frame that you're trading on, you have to understand if
we're trading on the 5minut time frame, we can't be setting our takeprofits based on like daily draws on liquidity
or daily confluences because there's so much price action
within the 5minut time frame, 15-minut, hourly, and 4 hour that odds that let me
show you guys a chart real quick, which in within each one of these daily candles, there's going to be a lot of
price action. There's going to be a ton of fiveminute candles, right? There's
going to be a ton of 15-minute candles, ton of one or sorry, a ton of one minute candles, ton of hourly candles, and they
all make up this big down candle. So, the reason why I'm telling you guys this
is even though if we know where the market wants to go on the daily time
frame, we still can't necessarily set our fiveinut entry takerit based off of
daily levels because within this daily candle, even though we
know it probably wants to move down within the five minute, it could go Oops.
within the five minute it could go like this. It could go up
and then we get a move down and then boom right back up stop us out at break even and then boom right back down and
then oh sweep these highs and then go down to make that daily candle to make that daily down candle. And even though
our overall bias was correct like hey we know the daily time frame wants to go down. is probably seeking out this draw
on liquidity. That's we can't base our take profits based off of that high of a time frame
while executing on that low of a time frame. So, I want you guys to keep that in mind first of all when placing your
take profits. Along with that, how are profits beneficial?
Again, we can't be over ambitious. We can't be greedy and we can't keep extending our takeprofits. So it
literally marks that's why stop losses and take profits are so important. It literally marks the areas where we say
okay price hit a price point where price
could potentially reverse off of and go back in the other direction. For me personally, I don't like setting
takeprofits based off of like random [ __ ] like, oh, it's five ticks to the
downside. Oh, I'm going to take my profit. That's okay if that's how you guys operate and that's how you guys take profit. That's a take-profit
strategy. Cool. I'm just not going to teach you guys that there because for me, I like to do everything based off of
common sense, even though it seems like I have none sometimes, okay? I like to take profits based on probable areas
where if price hits that area within my current bias, right? Let's say I take a short, if it hits this area, there is
potential that once that area gets hit, price could reverse and end up taking
out my trade. Okay. So again, that's why I set multiple
takeprofits so I can let my runners run. And that's also why we have a firm set
stop-loss because if again, that's why I don't like saying, "Oh, I have five tick stop-loss." I would much rather place my
stop-loss above an area that invalidates my trade idea. So, if price goes up and
hits a certain price point and invalidates my trade idea.
Wow. Um, then jeez, bro.
Okay, it's gone. If price hits that price point, then it's pretty much saying, look, my trade idea was wrong.
versus if I just place a short, no stop-loss, no take-profit,
and we're just thinking, oh, price is going to go down. Where's our invalidation points? Where is the point
where, okay, this trade idea is no longer valid? Where is a point where we want to exit the trade and say, boom,
congratulations. You [ __ ] killed it. You predicted where price wanted to go. So that's why number one, a huge rule
about taking profits, never extend your takeprofits. Never move your take profits. Once you set your stop-loss and
your take-profit, don't [ __ ] move it. Don't [ __ ] change it. Leave it there,
okay? Because emotions can come into play. Especially a lot of you guys, you guys are emotionally affected by the
market. There's no reason to be moving your stop-loss and there's no reason for you guys to be moving your take-profit. Just place the trade. And so what if you
guys lose? Cool. It's a learning experience. Bet you guys lost a trade. if anything that's good for you guys so
you can figure out what the [ __ ] you did wrong versus if you guys keep extending your stop loss, keep extending your takerit. Then you don't even know why
you placed the trade in the first place because now your invalidation point is much higher and your take-profit point
is much lower and then you won't even know why you lost a trade or why you won the trade because who knows what could
have happened if it hit that invalidation point or if it hit that take the original takeprofit that you guys set. Cool. So, let's get into take
profits now into the chart. I like to take profits based off of high confluence areas where price could
potentially reverse based off that current trade idea. So, we'll use
the trade that I took today or yesterday
as an example. So, I took shorts on the 5minut time frame. Okay, I had three take profits on this
one, two, and three. Okay, and why did I have these three take
profits? Well, they were hourly draws on liquidity
and they were 4hour draws on liquidity. So with that in mind, I'm thinking,
okay, at the this current time, the the daily time frame is bullish. And if it
wants to continue being bullish, again, that's in the back of my mind.
Even though my bias was short, which is okay because the daily time frame was bullish, the 4 hour was bearish, and the
hourly was bearish. I was okay taking shorts. Even though
the daily was bullish, I have to keep that in the back of my head because I know, okay, this 4hour low, this hourly
low, this 4hour order block
could potentially cause the daily time frame as we come into these levels to continue
bullish and to push higher. even though my bias on the fivem minute was bearish
and even though I took this trade to the downside. Okay, so I exited half of my
position here, another half of my open position here and then I closed the rest of my remaining position here and
crushed this trade versus if I had just left this open-ended. Let's say I didn't even have this here. Yeah, price
probably like I I would have made [ __ ] bank. But what would have happened if price came down here and I'm
like, "Oh, it's going to keep going lower." And then boom, the daily time frame continues higher. That's why we
need take profits. Okay, so now with that in mind, let's just go in and list
take profit points. Okay.
and our take-profit points are actually going to be our confluences. Why?
Because, keep in mind, even though we're taking trades to the downside, where do we where would we likely want to take
take profits where price could potentially reverse back up to the upside based off of our regular trade
confluences, right? Because these are confluences for price to potentially
give us a trade entry. Even though we're not trying to take longs off of these points, we're trying to exit our sell
positions. Okay. And obviously the inverse is applicable as well. So where do we like
where do we want to take profit off of? Draws on liquidity, order blocks,
their value gaps, breakers,
and sometimes even equilibrium. This is where we can take profit off of
just previous confluences. And typically what I like to do is I like to take the
confluences on the high time frame. So again, for me, I find my bias based on the 4 hour and the 1 hour. So where am I
likely going to set my takeprofits on the 4 hour and on the 1 hour based on certain confluences. So like you guys
saw, whoa, what's happening on this trade?
My take-profit points were based off of hourly liquidity here, hourly liquidity here, and a 4hour order block right
here. Boom. Simple, simple, simple. Just that's
that's as simple as it is. Because again, remember guys, what are we trying to do when we enter into a trade, right?
Let's let's just do this whole trade recap over again. The 4 hour was bearish. The hourly was bearish. Where
was I looking for a trade? Okay, we saw I'll kind of speed through this five minute break of structure. After
sweeping these fiveminute highs, we filled in this fair value gap. We saw a one minute break of structure. I entered off that stops above the stops above the
fair value gap. Okay, where am I looking to potentially exit?
And how will this how will this trade complete my bias for the day?
Well, we know it wants to go down and we know the 4 hour and the hourly are saying, "Yeah, it's likely going to go
down." But where could the 4 hour and the hourly also reverse off of?
Hourly liquidity, 4hour liquidity, and a 4hour order block. So, that's where we
set our takeprofits. Okay. You can, for the most part, I
don't really like taking profits on the 15minute or the five minute. Um, setting it based off these. If there's no like
hourly or 4hour confluences for take-profit points, then I'll scale down into the 15-minute and
try and find like 15-minute liquidity. Um, but most of the time you will be
able to find these confluences to be able to take profits and to be able to secure profits from the market from your
trade. Okay, so with that in mind, we just covered stop- losses, we just
covered takeprofits. We are going to be talking about even more strategy creation, how we can amplify our
strategy because for the time being, I need to go back and check in on the strategy creation part three. Um, for
the time being, I'm pretty sure we have pretty limited um amount of strategy for
us to be taking trades, which is good right now because right now, again, the whole point of this is to build your guys' base, okay? Okay. And then scale
it up until you guys have the great pyramid of Giza. Okay. Wow. No. No.
Illuminati. I didn't eat. That wasn't like a sign or anything. I'm didn't. Okay. Anyways, I'll see you guys
tomorrow. Peace out. I love you guys. Welcome to strategy
 Lesson 27: Strategy Creation pt. 4
creation. Strategy creation part 4. So
right now our strategy consists of this 4hour bias based on the trend.
1 hour determines what time frame
we can scale into to take trades. Okay.
Um if in line with oops with 4 hour
um five minute if not we go to the 15minute
okay from there let's put this [ __ ] here and then from there
we scale into whatever lower time frame LTF scale into lower time frame
look for high time frame liquidity sweep. Okay.
So either on the 1 hour or the 4 hour
and then from there scale into lower time frame look for
break of structure and a third confluence and then from
there we can scale down lower time frame.
If we were on 5m minute, we can go into
1 minute, 15 minute to 5 minute and find
a break after entering into the
third confluence. And I'll just hit a little return right here.
Okay, so right now it looks like this. We find the 4hour bias. We see, oh, the 4 hour is bullish. Cool. Cool. Our
overall overall bias for the day is going to be bullish. From there, we
scale into the one hour time frame and we see what's the 1 hour bias. Okay? And that determines what time frame we can
scale into to take the trade. So, if the 1 hour time frame is in line with the 4 hours, so let's say the 4 hour is
bullish and the hourly is bullish, cool. We can scale into the 5minut time frame. If the 4 hour is bullish and the hourly
is bearish, we scale into the 15-minut time frame. From there, we go into the lower time frames and we look for a high
time frame liquidity sweep. Okay? So, we're looking for liquidity on both the hourly and the 4 hour. From there, we're
not doing anything until that liquidity gets hit. Once it gets hit, we can scale
into the lower time frame and look for a break of structure. Uh look for a break break of structure. Again, if the 4 hour
and hourly are in line, we're going to the 5minut. If the 4 hour and the hourly aren't in line, we're going to the
15minut. Looking for a break of structure. and then a third confluence. Okay, so that could be boom break of
structure and then we have an order block and we're looking for a third confluence to get entered in. Once the
third once the third confluence gets pushed into, if we're on the 5m minute, we can
scale into the 1 minute and try and find a breakup structure within there. Okay, and enter off that. If we're on the
15minute and it's entering into a 15minute third confluence, we can scale into the five minute and find a breakup
structure right there. That's the strategy that we have so far. Okay. So I would like to add to this.
Now this is pretty this is what we have right now and this is to wait for a
liquidity sweep right when market opens. Sometimes that's not the case and sometimes there's a liquidity sweep
before market opens. So what we are going to add to this is going to be if we see during
pre-market a liquidity sweep and then a break to the downside.
Okay, first first thing that we want to do still identify the 4hour bias. Okay.
And if the 4hour bias is bearish, okay, let's say here, let's say the
4hour bias is bearish and we recently broke structure on the 4
hour, but up here during pre-market, we saw an hourly liquidity sweep and a
break of structure. You're probably thinking, well, there's probably not going to be another
liquidity sweep. So, what are we supposed to do off this? That's when we start looking for the
hourly confluences. So, what happens when we get an hourly sweep in a breaker structure to the downside? We form order
blocks on the hourly. We form breakers on the hourly. We form fair value gaps
on the hourly. We form equilibrium on the hourly. And from there, we treat
these confluences as our high time frame sweeps because the high time frame sweep
has already happened during pre-market or maybe during London session, whatever. And market is already
moving in the direction that it wants to go, right? Which is what the original strategy is based off of, trying to find
the start of a move, right? Trying to enter up here. What happens if this has
already happened? Well, we can still we can still trade the continuation of that
hourly trend and that's what we're going to talk about today. So,
on top of that, if we see a hourly or a 4hour liquidity sweep, we're still going
to follow this. We look at the 4hour bias and we look at the hourly bias. But
if we already see a sweep have happened has happened and I mean like just
recently like let's see if I can find an example of this.
Okay, let let's use this as an example. Okay, let's say that this is a market open. Okay, and we sweep out these
highs. Okay. And hypothetically, let's just say that the 4 hour is bearish and
the hourly we see a sweep of these highs and then a break of structure. And let's say like right here is market open.
Obviously, we already see the sweep and we know that our bias is bearish and the hourly bias is bearish. But
we're saying, hey, odds that we're going to if the hourly and the 4hour bias is
bearish, what are the odds that this is the only high that we have currently? Let's say that like this is price
action. This is the high that has to be swept. You're probably thinking, "Oh, we can't even take a trade today." Well,
no. That's when this addition to the strategy comes into play.
That's when we can say, "Hey, look, there's a fair value gap on the hourly. There's a
order block. I can't even see. Yeah. Boom. There's an
order block on the hourly right here. Okay. There's a breaker right here on
the hourly. Okay. And from there we use these confluences getting entered
in similar
to the liquidity sweep happening. So if we already see a liquidity sweep
happen and like a break on the hourly then what can we do? We can target hourly confluences. So let's say price
enters into a fair value gap market opens. What are we going to do? If the 4hour bias is bearish, the hourly bias
is bearish, and we enter into an hourly fair value gap after a liquidity sweep has already happened, we're able to
scale down into the five minute, and all that we're looking for is a 5m minute
break of structure and then our third confluence. And then we just continue on. So we see a five-minute break of
structure. Boom. Five minute fair value gap. Scale into the one minute, look for a one minute break of structure. Enter
off that. Stops above the highs. target. Again, we already talked about targets yesterday.
Higher time frame draws on liquidity, higher time frame confluences. And that's all that today is. We're just
adding that little piece of strategy with liquidity sweeps. Let's talk about
how it would work in the opposite direction. Okay? So, let's say and with the 4 hour and the hourly not in line.
So let's say boom, the 4 hour is bullish
and the hourly we see a liquidity sweep to the downside and then a break structure to the upside. Okay. And then
boom, we see an hourly we see an hourly confluence
right here. A fair value gap or [ __ ] it. Let's say order block. Okay, this is our order block and we see price draw into
this hourly order block and then boom, market opens. This is our market open. We already saw a pre-market sweep. We
already see saw the sweep happen. So, the odds that a liquidity sweep is going to happen are low.
Okay, again, something that I want you guys to keep in mind, always be open to again
like our our best and most awesome confluence is going to be liquidity sweep. So
obviously we're going to want to look for a liquidity sweeps, but there's going to be obvious times like
this day for example. Like we're already so far gone. Like let's say this was market open right here. You really think
that price is going to come all the way up here and give us a trade entry to be able to sweep this liquidity because the
4 hour was bearish, the hourly was bearish, but you think price is just going to m
and then go down. No. So, what would we have to play off of?
Hourly fair value gap. Boom. We see it enter into an hourly fair value gap. We can just use this for an example.
Okay, we scale into our lower time frame. Where's the break of structure? We see a
move down, then a move up. Move down, then a move up right here. Boom. We break structure on this candle.
Cool. What else do we have? We have a fair value gap within here. We see price push into the fair value gap. Cool.
Let's scale down into the one minute time frame. Even again like this is some [ __ ]
This was like during Asian session or something, but this is just to show you guys how it work. Boom. We get a break
of structure right here. Move up or sorry, move down then a move up. Okay.
We see price break structure. Cool. Enter off that. Boom. Okay, we can target higher time
frame draws on liquidity all the way down here. Cool. Cool.
That's how we would look at it. Okay, let's talk about the upside and then we can wrap this up because this is just
another addition to our strategy. And again, there's going to be even more additions to this to help you guys find
a bunch of trades because right now you guys probably aren't finding many trades.
Okay? And that was the point. We just want to start building on top of our foundation. Okay, so boom, let's say this happens
during pre-market. Okay, we have this order block. Price enters into the order block. Boom. Let's say market opened
like right here. We see price dipping down, entering into this hourly order block. The 4 hour is bullish. The hourly
is bullish. Cool. We know that we want to go long. What are we waiting for? We're waiting for a fiveminute break of
structure to the upside because we moved down. We we probably had to break five-minute structure to the downside to
be able to fill in this order block, right? Because it's going to be an hourly retrace.
We wait for a fivem minute confirmation break of structure out of that. We wait for our 5m minute third confluence.
Okay? Whether it be a fair value gap, whether it be an order block on the fivem minute, whether it be equilibrium,
we see price push in there and either we wait for that 5m minute move up or one minute break of structure. Boom. We
enter off of that stops either underneath the fair value gap underneath these lows to play it safe and then we can target previous hourly highs or
4hour highs or hourly confluences or 4hour confluences to take our trade.
 Lesson 28: Strategy Creation pt. 5
Let's get going. All right, we are going to add on to our strategy today.
Let's get up and let's get popping. So, I shouldn't have to do much of a recap of what we already know within our
strategy, but today we're going to add a little bit more on how we can actually take more trades without just a
liquidity sweep happening during pre-market, just a liquidity sweep happening right when market opens. Okay,
so step one, what are we looking for? We're looking for a 4hour bias slashtrend to determine what our bias
for the day is going to be. Step two, look at the one hour. Okay. Trend
bias slash trend. That helps us
what lower to scale into. Okay, that helps us determine what lower time frame to scale
into when our bigger confluences get hit. And today we are going to be talking about extra or I guess other
high time frame confluences other than a liquidity sweep that can help us take tra take trades. Okay, so moving on from
there. When our high time frame confluences
get hit, we scale in jeez kale. Scale into lower time frame and then four.
Okay, wait for lower time frame breakup structure. Five, wait for lower time
frame. third confluence whether that's a fair value gap,
order block, breaker block, equilibrium. Okay. And then six, wait
for either smaller lower time frame breakup
structure or up slash down candle on the current
lower time frame out of the third confluence. Boom.
Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Okay. So, that's what we have so far, right?
This is how we're taking trades. Okay. And the only thing that changes
here is number three. Number three, it originally was wait for a higher time frame liquidity sweep, whether it's on
the 4 hour or the 1 hour. Okay? And again, the 1 hour time frame, it helps
us determine whether we're scaling into the 5m minute or the 15minut to look for that break of structure and to look for
that third confluence. We all know that, right? So today we're going to talk about
higher time frame confluences other than liquidity sweeps that can help us enter in off of trades. Okay? And this should
be pretty freaking simple. Should should be pretty freaking easy to add into our arsenal. Okay. So let's say we are in
Gez. Wait, this mouse is moving a little bit too. Whoa.
Okay. Let's say we are in an uptrend on the 4 hour and
let's say we're in a downtrend on the hourly. So from our current strategy that we know
if we're in an uptrend on the 4 hour, our bias is going to be bullish. We're going to be looking for longs. And the main thing that we're looking for is
either going to be a 4hour breakup structure or sorry a 4hour liquidity sweep or an hourly liquidity sweep to
the downside. 15-minute breakup structure, 15-minute third confluence. either wait for a fiveminute break of structure after that third confluence or
just a 15-minute candle to the upside in order to execute right now with the new
additions that we're putting in. We won't have to wait for an hourly
liquidity sweep. It's still a possible confluence that we can take a trade off of. However, now we're going to add in
4hour confluences. So let's say we have a 4hour order block or a 4hour
breaker or a 4hour fair value gap in the hourly time frame pushes into them.
Okay, that is still a high time frame confluence that we are able to scale
down into once it gets hit. Even if we don't get a liquidity sweep on the hourly, we can scale into the 15minut
time frame once we get into these 4hour confluences. Okay. And we can see does
the 15-minute give me a break of structure? Does the 15-minute give me that third confluence filled? Does the fivem minute give a break break of
structure after that third confluence gets filled? Boom. Execute. That's all that we're doing. Okay. So, on top of
high time frame liquidity sweeps, we're adding in high time frame confluences.
Okay. And how I want you guys to look at this would be if the 4hour is
not in line with the hourly. So let's say the 4 hour is in an uptrend and the hourly is in a downtrend. We're going to
be looking for 4hour confluences. Okay? So 4hour fair value gaps, 4hour order blocks, 4hour breaker blocks, 4hour
equilibrium. We can look for price to draw in there and then once that gets hit, we can scale into the 15minute as
if we saw a high time frame liquidity sweep. Again, we're not ruling out high time frame liquidity sweeps. We those
are still extremely valid. We're just adding another piece to this. Okay. So within this high time frame confluences,
what does that involve? That involves liquidity sweeps. That involves 4hour order blocks. That includes 4hour fair
value gaps. That includes 4hour breaker blocks, equilibrium, all of that. Okay,
so that's when the 4 hour is in an uptrend and the hourly is in a downtrend. Okay, same situation as all
of this except instead of just waiting for a liquidity sweep, we are able to use 4hour confluences. Now, what happens
if we are in an uptrend on the 4 hour and an uptrend on the
hourly? Well, again, just like here, we
don't necessarily have to wait for an hourly liquidity sweep or a 4 hour liquidity sweep to scale into the
5minut. Now, when both both the 4 hour and the hourly are in line, we can look for hourly fair value gaps, hourly order
blocks, hourly breaker blocks for price to draw into. And then when we get in there, we can look for a fiveminute
break of structure, five minute third confluence fill, either a one minute break of structure out of that third
confluence, or just a fivem minute candle to the upside and execute. Boom.
So all that we added today is going to be
the ability to take trades off of not only liquidity sweeps but also higher
time frame confluences while still literally keeping that same systematic strategy that we already have. So, our
high time frame confluences are again still high time frame liquidity sweeps, but now we have high time frame fair
value gaps, high time frame order blocks, high time frame breaker
blocks, high time frame equilibrium. And when those get hit, we can scale
down into our lower time frame. Wait for that lower time frame breakup structure. Wait for that lower time frame third
confluence. Wait for that either smaller time frame breakup structure,
okay? or just an up or down candle on the current lower time frame out of the third confluence. Okay, so again, we'll
we'll show this one more time with a downtrend. So let's say we're in a 4hour downtrend and the 1 hour is in an
uptrend. Okay, since the 4 hour and the hourly are opposing, okay, and the 4
hour is in a downtrend, we want to be taking shorts. Okay, let's say there's a 4 hour fair value gap right here and
price already drew into it. Let's say we don't end up sweeping hourly liquidity to the upside to cause us to look for
shorts. We can simply look for a 15-minute break of structure, a fill of a third confluence on the 15-minute
because we're within a 4hour confluence. Okay, to look for price to move lower.
Okay. And then one more time, if we're in a downtrend on the 4 hour and the
hourly is in a downtrend, we can simply look for hourly confluences. Okay. for
price to push into an hourly fair value gap. It again possible hourly liquidity
sweep, possible 4hour liquidity sweep. Um, possible hourly break uh breaker
block, possibly possibly an hourly order block for us to scale into the fivem
minute, get a breaker structure to the downside, look for that third confluence, and then either look for a one minute breaker structure to the
downside or just wait for a fivem minute down candle for us to execute. Cool.
Cool. Perfect. We're adding to the strategy. Hopefully this helps you guys
um I guess give give you guys more setups throughout the day um and
throughout your trading day because originally it started off with us just being able to take trades purely off of
liquidity sweeps. We don't necessarily want that, okay? We want to be able to take trades for the most part whenever
price gives us a high probability setup and we are just adding on to that today. So, that being said, I appreciate you
guys. Thank you guys for sticking with me. All right, peace out, boys. Um, I've given a lot of sauce out on here for
 Lesson 29: Forex Strategy Creation pt. 1
free, per [ __ ] usual, to you guys. Um, mainly focused on like futures and
indexes, but um, I know a lot of you guys are Forex traders as well. So, I
wanted to start going into an old Forex strategy that I used to use. um the
strategy that I teach in the trading transformation in the boot camp. It's still applicable to Forex. I just kind of wanted to go into a Forex specific
strategy. Um I've never used it on indexes and I honestly don't think it
would apply that well because this utilizes every single session for Forex.
Okay. So, yeah, I kind of want to get into a Forex strategy to help you guys out with that, to be able to help you
guys make a [ __ ] ton of money in trading for free because that's uh what I came here to do. It's my purpose for y'all. I
really want to turn all you guys profitable. So, without further ado, let me pull up a Forex chart. I know you
guys can't see the chart right now, but I'll go ahead and pull up GBP JPY
because this was my favorite pair when I traded Forex back in the day.
Okay, so the first thing that you're going to need to do is mark out session opens.
Okay. And if you guys have no clue when sessions open, the best thing that you
guys can do is go to baby pips session. Oh, yeah. Market hours.
Boom. Okay. So, this shows it for my time in
Puerto Rico. I'm going to change it to New York time, which is actually the same [ __ ] time, but that's what my
time frame is set to for you guys. It depends on what pair you're trading. It's probably best if you just have this
[ __ ] set to New York time. Um because it'll be in line with the indexes and
yeah. Okay. So, boom. We can go ahead and see when all of these sessions open.
And that's the first step of this strategy. Okay. So, we want to be able to mark out every session open. And
we're actually going to ignore Australian session. Okay. So, we're mainly going to focus on Asian session,
London session, and New York session. So, if we go over here, we know that New York session opens at 8:00 a.m.
Okay. So, we can go ahead and mark out 8 a.m. right here. Boom.
Okay. And then London session opens at 300 a.m.
So, we can go ahead and find 3. Boom. Right here. And then Asian session opens
at 8:00 PM. So we can go ahead and mark that out.
What is 8 PM? That's 20. Boom. Okay. So these are the numbers
that we want. Oops. This should be at 8 320.
Perfect. Okay. So this is Asian session, London session, and then boom, New York session just started. All right. We're
going to want to mark out these consistently
on our chart.
Boom. Okay. So, how the strategy goes, and I'm
sure you guys have seen this in like videos before, um, but
what I like to do is I will mark out the session highs and the session lows. And
this is a little bit different than just marking out draws on liquidity because it's just where, sorry, rewind itself.
We're marking out the session highs and session lows. And it's a little bit different than just marking out like liquidity.
Um because most of the time with liquidity, we're just marking every single high and [ __ ] low. Um but with
this, I'm marking out the session highs and session lows. And on top of that, I
like to do it on the 30 minute. And for whatever reason, this just came with [ __ ] market experience. Don't ask me
[ __ ] why, but based on my experience, doing it this way works. Okay. Going in
on the 30 minute. And what I like to do is I like to take we see where the session highs and the lows are, right?
We can see that these are the session lows. And I like to take a little box
and draw it out like this from the base of the candle down to the low and then from the base of the candle
up to the high. Okay? And those are kind of our our good to go areas.
Okay? And from there, what I like to do is I like to go
and look at overall market sentiment. Okay, figure out like, all right, right
now price is in a relative uptrend. Okay, we have a pretty strong highs up
here, but we're in a relatively strong uptrend, especially within the hourly,
right? We just saw price come down, sweep out these lows, big strong move up. Okay, for me that's giving me an
overall bullish sentiment. Okay, and what I want you guys to think about, and we're not going to go into executions
yet today. We're just going to show kind of how this works,
okay? What the strategy is based off of, it's based off of sweeps of session highs and
session lows and then just taking a trade back down to session highs and lows. So, we're using session highs and
lows as I guess you could [ __ ] call it like support and resistance. Um,
which I don't necessarily I'm I'm not a [ __ ] support and resistance trader,
but I guess you could [ __ ] call it that. But for me, I'm more I'm more see this as like liquidity sweeps of session
highs and up session lows. And then all that we're doing is taking trades um to the next draw. So what I like to
do is I like to mark out every single session session open and then I like to mark out
all the session highs and lows. Okay. So for this it'll be boom
right here. And this is a perfect example of kind of the stuff that we're looking
for. Okay. So, I'm just going to
remove this really quick and show you exactly what I mean and how this works.
So, we have this is the start of New York session. Okay,
New York creates these session lows. Okay, we could technically drag this all
the way down here if we wanted to, but I'm just going to drag it out to these
lows right here. Okay. And then we have these as New York highs. Okay. We see
what is this Asian session open and price isn't really doing much.
It's just kind of bouncing around and then it drives into the base of these candles down into again. We can put a
freaking line here if we want. Drives into these session lows and then
we see this low-key act as a liquidity sweep.
taking out these lows and then we see a 5minute break of structure and then from there where do we see price go up and
target previous session highs.
Okay, so that's pretty much all that I want you guys to gather from this video is identifying how
and what I want you guys to practice is literally just going in marking out all these session sessions opens and closes.
Okay, and we can even see here what is this session? This is London session.
These are London session lows. Okay, we come through
and we sweep out London session lows. And then these are technically London
session highs, right? Because what is a high consist of? A move up then a move down. If we put on London session highs,
we can see that if we were able to catch the bottom of this wick or find an execution within here, we would have hit
take profit during this New York session. And then from there, if we had gone long off of
this, up to these highs, we would have hit take profit on that as well.
Okay, let's see if we can find any more examples of this. But all that I want you guys to do,
wait, that should be 20.
Okay, so where are New York lows? Right here. What do we see Asian session
do? We push into New York lows and then where does price drive?
Boom. Previous New York highs. Pretty [ __ ] crazy. And then New York
highs get hit. We come down. Sweep London session lows. Come back into London session highs. Okay. Asian
session opens. What do we do? We sweep out New York session lows. Push into New York session highs.
Okay. Now we have London session lows right here.
and London session highs right here. And it'll be really interesting to see how this plays out. We'll honestly we
can circle back to this in the next video. But what I want you guys to do is just get used to marking out
sessions o session opens and closes and just seeing how price
bro this [ __ ] is so [ __ ] hard. Look at this [ __ ]
Okay, so we have this as our London session low
session high. New York opens
above London session highs. We drive into London session lows. Revisit London session highs. I I just want you guys to
mark out session opens and see and mark out the highs and lows on the 30-inut time frame like I told you guys to.
and see how often this plays out. It's not going to happen every single time, but it's Bro, did I miss? Oh, yeah. 20.
It's not going to happen every single time, right? Like within here, we don't necessarily see these Asian session lows
get hit. Okay? And over here, we don't see these New York session lows get hit.
Okay? But it's relatively consistent where we can use these highs and these
lows from market opens as liquidity sweeps or [ __ ] support and
resistance, whatever the [ __ ] you want to call it, for new session opens.
Okay, so we'll do like one more example of this
and just see how it reacts.
Okay, so right here, this was a failed attempt. We have London session lows and then London session highs
right here. We drive into these lows. We get a slight push up. We don't quite hit these London session highs and then we
end up selling off. So, that's an example of where, look, we probably wouldn't have been able to win a trade on that.
And again, we we aren't even talking about executions right now. We're I really just want you guys to see
how price reacts off of these lows. So again, we have lows right here. We have highs up here. None of those get hit.
Let's see if there's anything else during London session. And again, this is like
three sessions. It encapsulates like a full day. Oh, wait. Yeah, this is literally perfect. London session. Okay,
we have these London session highs right here. New York session opens, pushes past
those highs, and then these would be London session lows, smacks those lows
and goes even lower. Okay? So, what I want you guys to do is just mark out these time zones in these
time frames and just see how price reacts off of these 30 minute highs and lows from
every single session. Okay? Again, it's just the session highs and the session lows on the 30-minut time frame. Box off
from the base to the high, from the base to the low. And that's all that I want you guys to do for now so we can start
getting a feel for how price reacts to these highs and to these lows within the market. Cool. Cool. Welcome to the
[ __ ] Forex transformation boot camp, whatever you want to call it. Hopefully you guys
enjoyed this first little video. Again, it was pretty vague. Um, but this is just like the first little start of us
getting into this Forex strategy of us seeing and how we can take trades off of
session highs and session lows pretty much throughout every single session uh to potentially get literally three
trades a day if you're trading every single session. So, boom. You guys know what I mean? Anyways, Forex strategy
 Lesson 30: Forex Strategy Creation pt. 2
creation part two. [ __ ] it. Let's just bang all this. Let's just [ __ ] gang bang this [ __ ] out today.
gang bang sniper gang all this [ __ ] out today right here right now
Donkey Kong style you know what I'm saying all right so as we remember from last time all that we
were doing was just marking out session opens let me go back to the baby pips [ __ ] so I can remember what they are cuz
I only remember it from if you guys remember way back on my old videos uh I
only did like London session session time. So, it's kind of different now that I'm only doing futures. I'm going
to finish up the Forex strategy creation video right the [ __ ] now. Um, in this
video, who knows how long it's going to take. Okay, so Asian session starts at 8. So, that would be 20
20. Cue that Asian music.
[Music]
and then three for London session and then eight for New York session.
Literally like everything I've given you guys the like literally strategy that I use for futures. I've given you guys now
a [ __ ] Forex strategy. The strategy for futures works for Forex too. People in my mastermind have been using the
strategy that I taught you guys on futures for forex and it's been working great for them. So literally just find
the strategy that works well for you and run with that [ __ ] But other than that, let's let's get started in this [ __ ]
So, we'll start off um
and honestly just get going. So, as you guys remember from last time, the key is
to be on the 30 minute time frame. And all that we're doing is we're marking the highs and lows from every single session with
a little rectangular box. Okay? Okay. So, boom, we put that on. Boom, we put
that on. Okay. And we see how these areas get
respected. These price ranges get respected. They either get swept or revisited and respected pretty much all
the [ __ ] time. Um, let's go ahead and put on this one.
Okay. And then let's go ahead and put on this one.
And then this we didn't really have much [ __ ] action. We'll just go ahead and
crush this bopper right here. Put this slopper topper right here.
Put um I'm actually going to h get rid
of this just for [ __ ] it. We'll we'll move from here and then we'll get going.
Okay, y'all hear me? Y'all paying attention? Get ready cuz we're trading GBP Japanese yen
um cheese yen. Okay, so remember we mark
out these 30 30 minute highs and lows from the base of the candle down to the low. And literally, I know it sounds
[ __ ] corny, but we typically use these as just like support and resistance. And I know it sounds [ __ ]
crazy, but uh [ __ ] whose theory was it? Um, oh my god, I learned this way back
in the day. There was some book of some goated ass trader where he talks about
um how session highs and lows get respected in the price ranges get respected. I
forget who it was. It was like something William will something William whatever.
There was a whole ass book on it. I read it. It was [ __ ] awesome. And then in turn, I don't know if anybody like this
is literally just some [ __ ] that I [ __ ] crafted myself. Obviously, it incorporates liquidity sweeps and that
stuff, but like I kind of just figured this [ __ ] out trading GBP JPY um for a
long ass time and it worked really [ __ ] well. So now here it is. I'm giving it to you guys. So essentially
you mark out the highs and lows. You guys already learned that. And then from there you scale down into the fiveminut time frame and you just simply wait for
those hourly highs and lows to get hit. Okay. So
or sorry not hourly 30 minute. Okay. So we have both our highs and our lows. We
see the high get pushed above and broken above. Okay. Okay. So, from if if we see a break above it, we're probably
thinking, okay, our next chance to even take a trade on this is going to be a revisit of the of the session high.
Okay. And this was uh Asian or sorry, London session. Okay, we see price pull back. We don't get back to the high.
Okay, we see price push up and then boom, we get back to the high. Next, what are we looking for? This is now
part of the strategy. Again, you guys will remember we're looking for a fiveminute break of structure and then
this is actually going to be adding on something that a confluence that I would like to add to this. It's just like our
futures trading strategy where we're looking for a fiveminute break of structure when these highs and lows get
tested, revisited, or like swept. Okay, we're looking for a break of structure
and then we're looking for one of our several confluences. Either a fair value gap, equilibrium, order block, breaker
block. Okay, anything. Okay, so here, yes. Do we see a break of structure
right here? Absolutely. But do we see this imbalance get filled and moved off
of? No. Okay. So, even though we pushed in here, got a break of structure, we don't give a [ __ ] about it. We push in a
little bit deeper, and then we get a break of structure again right here. Do we give a [ __ ] about this? Yes. What are
we looking for? We're looking for an imbalance to get filled. We're looking for equilibrium. I'm not going to lie, I
probably wouldn't have taken this trade just because it's so high up. But we can see that price ends up boom, pushing in
here, pushing out, and then from there in terms of targets, it's just like again, go re-watch any of my take-profit
videos. Okay, we want to see price revisit highs. Okay, so we have highs right here
that gets hit. But again, that would be like a baby food as take profit. Probably like a negative risk-to-reward
ratio. Okay. So, where else can we look? We can look at [ __ ] these highs right
here. We can look at this high time frame order block right here. Regardless, price would have hit damn
near all of our takeprofits because we see it comes out and takes out all of these highs as well. Okay, so boom.
First example said and done. Okay, so let's delete that now. And then let's go
into the next session. And we're literally just going to break this down on GBP JPY, GBPUSD. [ __ ] it. we can go
into gold and just see how it works. Okay, so next session, let's go ahead
and mark out these highs from this was London session highs.
And let me delete these London session lows for now. London session highs. We can go ahead and get rid of these. Get
rid of these London session lows. Okay, what do we see price do? Boom. We see a push into
London session highs.
Okay, what are we looking for? We're looking for a break of structure. Do we see one right here? No. Do we see one
right here? [ __ ] Looks pretty [ __ ] close. Let me see. The high of this
candle was at 191.862. Where was the close of this candle?
Wow. literally 0.00001
[Music] higher than this high. So technically
it broke structure. Okay. And then from there we're looking for a third confluence. We have an imbalance right here. We don't see it get filled. It
ends up pushing down here sweeping out liquidity. Okay. And then pushing higher. Okay. So we do end up getting
breakup structure. Cool. Or back up again. structure was already broken with
this. Again, this to me seems a little bit too far gone, but we can see that it still
would have ended up playing out. We see an imbalance right here. Price fills it. We get a bullish reaction out of it.
Okay, you could have entered here and then in terms of take profits. [ __ ] it. Okay, we can set our takeprofits on
these highs. Any of these highs over here, they would have ended up getting hit during New York session. Pretty
[ __ ] cool, right? Okay. Now, let's go into the next session. Mark out the next session highs.
30 minute. Where the [ __ ] are we? That was over here. Okay, let me delete
these. I don't know those are. Okay, this looks like it's going to be
an L for us. These are the lows all the way down
here. Okay, so boom. We see Asian session
start again. Look at the volume during Asian session. I wouldn't recommend trading during Asian session, but [ __ ]
it. Okay, we see price break above. So, what are
we looking for? We're looking for a break of structure. Okay, so these highs, we don't get a
break. We form a new high right here. Boom. We do get a break. Okay, we don't have a fair value gap, but
just to hold myself accountable and say, hey, we do take losses out here. Boom,
we do end up hitting equilibrium and then reacting off of that to the upside. So, cool. Can we long john bomb that?
[ __ ] it. Why not? I mean, hey, we do hit a 1:1 risk-to-reward ratio before
getting stopped out. Okay, so maybe, just maybe, you have this as a take
profit. Okay. I know you would have missed it. Okay, trying to give myself the benefit of the doubt. This would have been a [ __ ]
loser. Okay, cuz it's [ __ ] Asian session. Look at this volume. It's dog [ __ ] Okay, unless you try unless you're
only going for one to one riskreward ratios. Cool. You probably would have smack smacked that on the ass crack.
Okay, but regardless, baby food, we got stopped out on that. Moving on to the next session.
Okay, we have these Asian session
highs right here and we have these Asian session
lows right here. We don't see New York session interact with any of these until
London or sorry this was London session. All of this was New York session then
this was London session. We don't see London session interact with any of these until New York session opens. So,
we can go ahead and get rid of those. And then from there, we can go ahead and
mark out London or yeah, London session lows. This right here.
Okay. And London session highs are going to be right here. I mean, this is like the tiniest [ __ ] wick ever, but
whatever. Okay. From there, scale down into five minute. We wait to see any of these interacted with. Boom. Market
opens. We see price [ __ ] its pants all the way down to London London session lows. Okay,
what are we looking for? We're looking for breaks of breakup structures. Okay, do we end up getting one right
here? Yes. Again, super volatile price action, but
[ __ ] it. We're going to play this out as if we're taking every single trade possible with this strategy. Okay,
obviously you guys are going to be a little bit smarter. Let's say we're just like [ __ ] trading robots and we're taking every single trade with this.
Okay. Boom. We get a breakup structure. How can we start looking for trades? Do we see any imbalances?
Low key. We do see this imbalance get filled. Baby ass imbalance right here. We see it
get filled and then boom. We see a bullish reaction out of that [ __ ] Cool. [ __ ] it. Let's say we go long off that
stops underneath the low that it formed out of the imbalance. Bet. If you're going for a one to one, that [ __ ] would
have smacked. If you want to target previous session highs, would have been
a negative risk-to-reward ratio, but it would have hit. You can look over here to the left and
boom, now we can start using this one. Okay, it's just like
all of our other strategies where we target draws on liquidity. Okay, so even
though this is all the way super high, we can probably find some sort of I don't know bearish uh reaction point
over here. Um, that could give us a solid take-profit area, but [ __ ] it. We'll just put these guys on.
And we can see, holy [ __ ] we could have got a 1 to 3.25 or 52 risk-to-reward
ratio all during boom, New York session. All take profits smacked. We're the
[ __ ] best. Pretty [ __ ] crazy, right? We're doing pretty good with this so far. Okay, let's move into the next
session. Okay. What do we got going on? We have New
York session highs. Oh, damn. Would you look at that? Would you look at that?
You see how price respects that [ __ ] You see You see how price respects that [ __ ]
See how Price respects that [ __ ] See how Price respects that [ __ ] I'm going to open up your glit. I'm going to not
unslide your tit. Oh yeah. See how Price respects that [ __ ] I haven't even traded Forex in forever and just
literally explaining this old Forex strategy to you guys makes me want to trade forex again. But no, [ __ ] it.
We're good at indexes. Lock in. Okay, I mean, [ __ ] it. You guys know the
[ __ ] strategy, but we're going to keep showing you guys why this [ __ ] works day in and day out. Literally, I just showed you several sessions worth
of price action where we've only lost one trade and dubbed all the other ones. And I'm literally just following the strategy step by step, plan by plan. You
know what I'm saying? Okay, but anyways, why did I delete that? Boom. New York session highs. Blick work.
New York session lows are all the way the [ __ ] down here. Or no, that's not going to be the low.
This is going to be the low. Boom. Asian persuasion starts. We
actually have a lot of volume on this. Okay. Boom.
We see price break structure to the upside.
Okay. Once we get above this, again, the goal is it's not right. We're looking
for two things. Either for this to sweep price. So, boom, when we get above here or just within here, we're like horny
for lows. Okay, we're looking at lows, but then boom, we get above it and then boom, we're tapping back into that [ __ ]
So, it just flips. Okay, we see a breakup structure here.
Okay, you could literally just wait for a 30-minut closure above, which would have happened right here.
So, within this candle, my guess is it was on this one. Okay, so boom, we get a
break structure to the upside. It was already bullish anyways. Okay, we have several fair value gaps.
We have a fair value gap right here. Gets disrespected with closures underneath it. Where's the next one? We
have another one right here. Okay. Boom. We see price push into it.
We have another fair value gap down here. We also could have drawn on equilibrium from these lows up to these
highs. Smack work with a closure above equilibrium. Closure out of this fair value gap. Long drawn bomb this baby.
Boom. We don't even need that deep of a stop loss. Could have put it literally underneath this candle right here. Or
[ __ ] it, if you want to get super shy, you can put it underneath these lows. Whatever works best for you. And then
from there, damn. Come on now. Give me some Give me something to play with.
Literally nothing to play with. [ __ ] it. We're using Fibonacci levels at
this point.
Fib work. Okay. Take profit one, take profit two, take profit three, take
profit four. smack work all during Asian Asian session, Asian persuasion.
You know what I'm saying? Come on now.
I'm getting all these Forex traders, right? Okay, moving forward. Asian session
happens.
Okay. Boom. We have these as what is this? Asian session highs or [ __ ] that's not Asian session highs. These are Asian
session highs right here. Something that you guys need to be good about is noticing
that this candle right here is a part of London session and this candle right
here is a part of Asian session. So if we form a high, you guys have to understand on this line, it's not part
of Asian session. Okay? So this is going to be Asian session highs.
Okay. And there was another example of this over here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, like right here,
for example, if we're Let's [ __ ] it. Let's say that this candle's wick is
Damn. Come on now. Say that this candle's wick was all the way down here. You're probably thinking, "Oh, during
this London session, these are the London session lows." No, because this candle is a part of New York session.
So, these are the London session lows. something to keep in mind. Okay, so anyways, these are the Asian session
highs and these are the Asian session lows.
Okay, so London session
opens. Let's pop over to the 5m minute. See if we get any interaction with these levels. We don't get any interaction
with them until New York session starts. But by then we get rid of these for the
new sessions. Okay. So boom. From there, what are we looking for? We can mark out London session highs.
Now this can be London Sessions low because we formed the move down during
London session and then the move up during London session. Does that make sense?
Hopefully. London session lows. Okay.
Boom. Price blitz past all of this [ __ ] Do we get a retest of it right here in a
breakup structure? [ __ ] it. Sure. Let's say that
we get a breakup structure. We getting a fair value gap filled. Just so I can show you guys that like [ __ ]
it. If you guys were to follow this [ __ ] brick by brick, step by [ __ ] step,
there is losses involved. Okay, so boom. This would have been a [ __ ] loss.
Now I think we're in current [ __ ] day.
But anyway, pretty [ __ ] solid. We dubbed literally every single trade except for that one that we just took and then that Asian persuasion sideways
session. And that one that we just took,
it should have been relatively obvious that we're not trying to take that, especially with again like market
intuition and just obvious market um I don't want to say biased, but
day trading mind would tell you that, hey, we're in a pretty [ __ ] obvious uptrend. Let's try not to take shorts.
But if you're just following this strategy step by [ __ ] step, you would have dubbed I don't even know how many
trades we just took, like out of six, you won four and you lost two. Pretty
[ __ ] solid. And all the wins were much higher than a one to one riskreward. Okay, now let's do this [ __ ]
on GBP JP or sorry, GBPUSD. Let's see if it works as well.
[ __ ] here. This is what I'm just going to do.
chill opens. Okay. And then we're going to
change this to eight because we don't really care about the sessions session closes. We really just care
about.
Cool. Actually, wait. This can be back to 17.
All right. Bet.
Let's get into this. Uh, [ __ ] it. Let's start.
Let's start right here. Okay. So, this is New York session. Okay. So, previous
session was London session. Okay. We can see that New York doesn't interact with any of London sessions. Um,
any of London sessions highs or lows. The highs are right here. And the lows are actually still right here because we
can see that this low was formed. This uh move up was formed during New York session. So, we don't really care about
that. Moving on, New York session lows are going to be right here.
New York session highs are going to be right here. Again, Asian session does not tap into
any of this. Asian session no action.
We have these Asian session highs and these Asian session lows.
Okay. So we can see London session opens. We break above that.
We'll see if we get anything going on within here. Okay. Once we break above here on the 30 minute, okay, we're
looking for price to revisit it. Okay, so all that we would look for would be
where are we at? Waiting for this candle to close above and then it's like, okay, bet we're just going to flip this [ __ ]
So once we say, "Okay, bet. We're looking to flip this bitch." What are we looking for? We're looking for a break of structure to the upside. We're
monitoring highs. Okay, this high, this high. Boom. We get a break turned on. Boom. Fair value gap. Boom. destroyed.
We end up coming back down, sweeping out these lows. We're looking for breaks. Okay, we get a break right here. Still
nothing out of that. We push lower. We get a break right here. Literally
nothing out of this. Okay, no opportunity. I would have loved to
cash this move up, but we didn't see anything out of it. Moving on. [ __ ] I
don't know where we were. Right here. Okay, now it looks like we're going to actually get a good trade out of this.
London session highs, London session lows.
Okay, New York session already opens with a closure above this. So, we're looking to flip it.
Why price is [ __ ] volatile as [ __ ] GBP in these past couple days?
Okay, we see price revisit this area. We're monitoring highs. High's right here. Nothing. High's right here.
Nothing. High's right here. Boom. We get a break. Cool. We have an imbalance right here. I mean, [ __ ] Just for
[ __ ] doing the strategy 24/7 sake.
We'll [ __ ] take it.
Long off this [ __ ] Cool. If you put your stops right under here, 1:1 risk-to-reward ratio, you're smacking
it. Um, I mean, [ __ ] if you want to put on this,
wouldn't have got hit. Even this high, wouldn't have got hit. So, really just
depends on where your takeprofit was and where your stop loss was on this. You know, maybe you cash this quick little
move up. Honestly, I'm guessing that this would have been an L. Okay, so first trade on GBPUSD
with this L work. Whoa.
Next trading session,
we are moving into Asian session. We have New York session highs right here.
New York session lows all the way down here. Okay, Asian session.
We close above it right here. So, we're looking to get action out of that.
Cool. We get a break structure, fill this fair value gap. Looks like another [ __ ] stop out on this.
Okay. Boom. Let's say we put it right underneath here again. Um,
damn, that's a tiny ass [ __ ] stop loss. It's literally a one pip stop loss. That [ __ ] ain't going to be [ __ ] real. I mean, that just goes to
show like how low volume Asian session is. [ __ ] it. Let's say our stop is underneath this [ __ ]
Hey man, one to one risk-to-reward. Who knows? Depending on your [ __ ] stop loss, could have potentially been hit.
Okay, again, we don't really have much to work with over here besides these highs. So, again, looking like another L
on this strategy from GBPUSD. not looking as hot as GBP
JPY so far soon. I'm predicting vengeance
again. This is literally just happening off the [ __ ] dome. Me recording this [ __ ] Um, okay. Moving into London
session. I can already tell we have Asian session highs right here. Asian session lows. London doesn't interact with those. Moving on, we have London
session lows right here. And then we have London session highs right here.
Okay, so we get a break up above this and then from there we're looking for price to tap back into it.
But then boom, immediate destruction to the downside. Way underneath this. No breaks to the upside. Boom. Not many
trades to be taken. take not many trades to be taken on this so far.
Okay, moving on. We have New York session highs right here.
New York session lows all the way down here.
It's going to be nothing to work with. Asian session closes well above this. Maybe we get a tap back into it.
Nothing. Okay. Nothing during Asian session. Moving
forward, not many trades to be taken on this. Um, we have Asian session highs
right here. Asian session lows all the way down here during London session. Again, we don't get much action on that.
We don't interact with any of those. Now, we have London session highs,
London session lows. Going to New York. New York. I mean, we
can see how this respects London session highs like damn near perfectly. We get a break structure to the downside. Um,
I don't really see any sort of confluences that get filled. We have this imbalance up here, but we don't see that get filled. We see a breaker
structure, but we need to wait for that next confluence. No equilibrium, no breaker block, no, nothing. Um, price
continues down for a little bit more. So, we can see that price respected this session high, but not much came out of
that. And then we're back to this [ __ ] So,
honestly, not much work. Let's try and move move over a little bit more so we can get more examples to see if we can
actually show this working. Okay, here's a good example of this [ __ ]
Okay, we have London session highs right here. Then we also have London session lows right here.
This had to have been on some crazy ass news because we see wicks wicks. But we'll see.
Okay. So, boom. From here, we get a break of structure to the upside. We're looking for some sort of confluence, but
by the time we try and get a confluence, we've already reached these highs. So, from there, we're like, "Okay, [ __ ] it.
Let's see if we respect these highs to the downside. Okay, we end up getting a break of structure to the downside right
here. Now, we can actually look for shorts off of this because we respected these highs. Okay, so we go from these. Okay,
first of all, breaking structure right here from these highs down to these lows. We hit this, we respect it. Boom.
Short work off of this. Boom. You can put the stop above equilibrium. Okay.
And then you can either target previous lows made during New York session, 1 to3 riskreward ratio, pretty [ __ ] fire.
Or literally just previous London lows, 1 to 1.5 risk-reward ratio, pretty fire. Previous Asian session lows, um, all of
these would have gotten smacked. Cool.
Um, let's see. This isn't Oh, wait. This was the
example that we just showed. Um, we have New York lows right here. Um, New York
highs right here. Asian session just kind of consolidates against that.
This we get a closure above, but then boom, break back below. Not much there.
Whole bunch of volatility from FX in this.
I mean, this is a pretty good example, but this looks like a news collapse, but boom, London session highs. Okay, we
push into that. Odds are we probably get a break.
Boom. Obviously, I mean, [ __ ] we do fill part of this fair value gap and then boom, [ __ ] it. Short work off of
that. But price continues lower, but [ __ ] you know, this was definitely a news candle.
Let's pull up gold
because if I remember correctly, this works pretty [ __ ] well with gold. And oh baby, look at this. The first [ __ ]
that we just get into, first of all, we have London session lows right here
and London session highs right here. And we can literally blick work two trades during New York session off of
this allegedly. Okay, so we have London session lows right here.
Oh my god. Hell yeah. Look at this [ __ ]
Again, I know this is like relatively [ __ ] cherry-picking, but we we did a bunch of bat testing on this already,
okay? And we're 35 minutes deep, but you guys get the [ __ ] point now. Okay, we push into London session lows. We get a
break structure to the upside on the fiveminute. Okay. Um, actually not not much of a fair value gap here. So,
actually this wouldn't have been a trade that I could take. No equilibrium. Um,
oh, hey, we have the breaker right here. Actually, dub work. Okay, we push into
the breaker. Bullish interaction off of that. Long John Silvers that blick work.
Okay, you can either put the stops underneath these lows that we made underneath the breaker. Regardless, we
push back into London session highs, TP, smack work, whether it's a 1:1 risk-to-reward ratio, um, or at least
just to these London session highs, dub, nonetheless. Okay, now let's see how we can backend flip this jit to Whoa, I
almost said something crazy. Let's see if we can flip this [ __ ] on its ass and get something back down to the back end.
Okay, looks like we might have might be getting stopped out here, but still, we're seeing the concepts be respected.
Okay, so from here we see push into London session highs. We get a break of structure right here. Boom. We get
equilibrium. Tapped in bearish reaction out of that
[ __ ] Boom. Stops either above these highs, above these highs. Regardless, it looks
like we're going to get stopped out by this, but
we can still see potential for a secondary action trade. If we see this [ __ ] not breaking, bet we we just
won one trade. We lost another one. Let's see. And first of all, this trade is going to cover the one that we just
lost. This was like minimum one to one. Okay, so let's [ __ ] it. Let's just say that we're break even on this [ __ ] so
far on the two trades that we we've been able to take. Okay, we're able to take another one off this.
Okay, cuz we have this as the breaker. Boom. This entire move down prior to the break of structure. Hell yeah. Pinky toe
tap work into this with the break of structure. Bearish reaction out that [ __ ] Boom. Short. You can either put
your stops above these highs, above this fair value gap, just in case you think that's going to get tapped into.
Regardless, smack work on previous New York lows. Smack work on previous Asian
session lows. Smack work on all of these lows. Smack work. Smack
work. Smack work. Dubbing that [ __ ] You know what I'm
saying? three trades that that we were able to take during New York session. Two turned
into dubs, one turned into an L.
Let's see if we can make anything else happen um off of this [ __ ] Uh
wow. I just got I need some [ __ ] I I need some water. I need water.
Give me water. Um, let's see if we can get any anything else off this [ __ ] Um,
I mean, [ __ ] this works great. Um, we have London session highs right here.
London session lows right here. Again, this could be a backto-back flipper. Just depends on what price does on the
fivem minute.
Okay, so this looks like it's going to be one L than one dub. So we see boom, price pushes into this. We get a
breaking structure right here. Okay, we push into this breaker.
We get a bearish reaction out of that. Cool. Short stops either above here, stops either above this. [ __ ] it. Maybe
even above the sweep. Regardless, we're going to get stopped out without hitting any takeprofits. But then what do we do?
We push into the lows of London session. Okay. Then again, we can flip this shits
on it. Flip this [ __ ] on its ass. Okay. We get a breaker structure on the fiveminute right here. We can look for
equilibrium. Okay. We have this up candle is the
breaker. Don't think it gets tapped into. But regardless, we have this as an
imbalance. We see price push into this imbalance. Bullish reaction out of that [ __ ] Boom. Longs off of it. If you put
your stop loss underneath right underneath these lows, you would have been stopped out. If you put your stop loss underneath fair value gap, you're
good to go. If you put your stop loss underneath these lows, you're good to go. Okay. Take profit set on these
highs. Smack work. Price ends up ripping all of New York
session. If you put your stop loss underneath this fair value gap, smack
work on these previous New York highs. Use the highs and lows of these sessions
to your advantage if you are trading forex. They are definitely by far like
in my eyes the best confluence to use. I mean look, this is another great example. We have London session lows
right here. Spotted this [ __ ] out the corner of my eye. New York session opens plunge work down into London London
session lows rips back up takes out all these highs. Baby food if you ask me. Um
I mean we can see price we have these as Asian session lows right here.
Um and then we have these as Asian session highs right here. You could low-key say that price came in
here, pushed back up into London session highs. Highs and lows lows of these sessions
are really, really [ __ ] valuable. Use them to your advantage. Um, honestly, I
like marking the [ __ ] out with little lines on my chart so my chart doesn't look like somebody threw up on it. But
regardless, Forex strategy video brain dump
delivered. Boom. Happy [ __ ] birthday. Um, [ __ ]
man. That was a lot of info. Long ass video today. Looking to dump a [ __ ] ton
of information on you guys, just like I did last summer with the boot camp. I [ __ ] love you guys. I'll catch you guys in the next one. Peace out, my
 Keys To Profitability
[ __ ] people. So, now hopefully you guys are able to build off the fundamentals, the confluences, and now
you guys have a strategy that is helping you guys make highly probable decisions within the markets on a daily basis.
Within these next couple videos, we're going to delve a little bit deeper onto again when we should be taking action
with this strategy, where we should be taking action, when we should be avoiding certain scenarios, and then
also how you guys can actually leverage these new skills and new confluences, strategy that you've learned to actually
turn you guys profitable within the markets. because it's one thing to understand confluences and understand
strategy, but it's another thing on how to actually genuinely generate money
from this new knowledge and this new skill. And that's something that I struggled with. That's something that a lot of students of mine struggle with.
And a really good example of this is somebody that recently went through the blueprint and was able to make literally
over $100,000 from being able to put together these fundamentals, confluences, and strategy all together
at one. But they were still struggling with being able to understand like when they should be placing these trades or
how they should be going about structuring their risk management, how they should be structuring their psychology. And then once they came into
the blueprint, once they were able to get these mistakes smoothed over because right now at the start of this video,
you guys had a big ass boat and there was massive holes in that boat. And within this video, we've been able to
clog those massive holes. But there's still probably little holes in your guys' boat that you guys are still slowly but surely sinking down, causing
you guys to be unprofitable. And that's okay. And maybe throughout the rest of this video, we're able to clog up those holes. And if that's the case, awesome.
My job here is finished. But if you guys are unable to clog up those holes on your own, that's where a coach and a
mentor is going to help you guys significantly. We're going to be able to get in there, reshift your guys' headsp space, and shift your guys' mindset to
be able to become a profitable trader. shift and change your guys' risk management plan. Shift and change at
what times and how you guys are actually going about taking these trades so that you guys can again skip over these
mistakes that are slowly but surely dragging you guys down and causing your boat to sink. But by us being in your
position before as unprofitable traders that have now turned profitable, we know all these mistakes that we made in the
past that you guys are making right now. So, we're going to be able to smooth over all of these things and get in there and actually be able to break
down, hey, you guys are still making this mistake. Hey, you guys probably shouldn't be trading at this time. Hey, you guys should probably be avoiding
trading high impact news. These are things that are going to drastically affect your guys' win rate, your guys'
risk-to-reward, and your guys' chances of turning profitable. Day trading is a very difficult skill that needs to be
put super high up on a ped pedestal, okay? It's a very high lever skill. And in order to learn these high lever
skills, you guys are going to have to make consistent mistakes. And again, the goal is to make a mistake once, never
make it again. And that's what causes growth. But one of the issues of being an unprofitable trader and one of the
issues with these types of education videos that we're putting out is we can't get in there and personally
address the issues and the questions that you guys have that may be sinking your guys' boat. So that's what we do for students within the blueprint. So
again, if you guys want access to that, you guys can click the link down in the description so that I can actually help you guys personally with some mistakes
that you guys are making that you guys aren't necessarily getting answers to within this video. But with that being
said, now that we know the base fundamentals, the confluences, and how to put it together with strategy, these
next couple videos, we're going to go into depth on how we can potentially turn all of that around and help you guys become profitable. How you guys can
put all of these things together and again, structure a strategy around it, structure a risk management plan,
structure your headsp space so that we can again put these pieces together and lead you guys towards the path to
profitability. So with that being said, let's jump straight into it. We live in probably the easiest
 Lesson 31: How To Turn Profitable
generation or the easiest time to make a lot of money. But we also live in the
generation where it's the easiest to be lazy. So if you think about like even 10
years ago or even 5 years ago, bro, like let's think about crypto. 5 years ago,
there wasn't like crypto Twitter. There wasn't like YouTube videos talking about
like the best altcoins or like explaining crypto. If we even think about trading 10 years ago, there was
not like anything on YouTube um talking about this kind of stuff and helping you
guys for free like this video to be successful. Um, and you think about
those people that ended up being successful in their in that time like 10
years ago or 5 years ago within those spaces and you're thinking, well, oh, they just got lucky or they, you know,
like you come up with some excuse for why they were able to get to where they're at. And it's like, no, if
anything, their route to being where they're at was infinitely harder than
you guys because now you guys have literally an influencer or an educator on every single subject to be able to be
successful. And it's like, holy [ __ ] If that doesn't just go to show how lazy
and how complacent this entire generation has become and how short of a uh short little dopamine ridden [ __ ]
mindsets that most people have nowadays. I don't know what does because it's like, bro, you have someone like me. You
have literally every other trading influencer teaching you guys how to trade
and the only thing that's stopping you guys from being successful is yourself.
You guys are just too lazy and you don't see things in the long term. And I've made this video a bunch of times talking
about you guys got to see the [ __ ] in the long term. This [ __ ] isn't going to happen in a day. It's not going to happen in a month. You know, maybe it'll
happen in a couple couple years. I saw this video of Jinxy, that freaking Twitch streamer, and you know, the dude
that's always bugging out, whatever. I saw a video. He has been streaming for
five years, and he just caught his big break. There
was something like three years straight where like he consistently only had two
viewers. Like, imagine that. That's that's what you have to be doing. That's like the
delusion and the consistency that you have to have in order to genuinely be successful because he was willing. He
knew what he wanted to do and he just kept doing it over and over and over and
over for years without seeing any results because he saw the endgame. He
knew, hey, if I work my ass off for literally years doing this, there is
bound to be a result. And I promise you in any other skill in anything including trading, including crypto, including
including business, if that is how you guys think, if you guys just think if I consistently work my ass off day in and
day out without even expecting the result at a certain time, like a lot of you guys are like, I'm going to turn
profitable in a couple months. I'm going to get funded. And like, shut the [ __ ] up, bro. You guys, that's what's causing
you guys to never be profitable. That's what c that's what's causing you guys to never be successful. Because when that time comes and you're not successful and
you don't see the result, you [ __ ] give up or you do some stupid [ __ ] that sets you guys back and resets your
consistency that you guys have been working on this entire time. So why not
just do the [ __ ] that you [ __ ] love and be consistent with it and work towards it and just know I'm willing to
do this [ __ ] for however long it takes until I'm successful. And I guarantee
you without a doubt in my freaking mind that if you guys do that, if you guys just go like just do it consistently for
ever, you are going to get to that goal in anything in any skill. Like if like
let's think about trading. You guys are just like I'm going to trade every
single day until I get like really [ __ ] good at it. No matter the time
frame, no matter how long it takes, I'm going to trade until I'm really [ __ ]
good at it. Like, you already know what's going to happen. You're going to trade until you
get really [ __ ] good at it. The problem with you guys is you guys expect that [ __ ] to happen in like two days or two months. Again, you guys need to be
thinking about [ __ ] in like decades or within like five year time spans. Like think about how are the things that I'm
doing day in and day out going to affect me 5 years from now. And believe it or
not, like the results will come sooner than 5 years, but you have to start thinking about it in those 5year time
frames in order to start being successful. So that's my Monday motivation for you guys. Pretty much
saying that the majority of you guys are really [ __ ] lazy. the majority of people who made it in the fields that
you guys really want to make it in um 10 and 5 years ago had to go through a lot
harder things and had way less resources for them to be successful. And we're living in a generation where it's
probably the easiest ever to make a lot of money. It is
literally the money's already been printed. You just got to go [ __ ] get it. Like
that's as simple as I can [ __ ] put it. Like
it's really [ __ ] sad seeing how lazy this generation is and like how many
excuses y'all come up with when it's like bro 10 years ago this [ __ ] was not even ever
happening like there there was not nearly as much resources. there wasn't nearly as much
content or aid that you guys have in order to turn successful and you guys
are still coming up with excuses for why you guys aren't successful. It's pretty
sad. But anyways, here's a little freaking APK ski. All right, get you guys motivated. Let's go. Today is going
 Lesson 32: How To Have A Profitable Mindset
to be more of a psychology of a video, okay? Where I'm mainly just
going to be talking to y'all. um about some mindset [ __ ] that will hopefully change the game for you guys in terms of
trading. Now that you guys have like a overall relatively solid strategy that
can help you have an edge within the market, I want to kind of circle back on some of the earlier videos within this.
Again, keep in mind what our overall goal is with trading. So, this is kind of just going to be a yap attack. Strap
in, lock the [ __ ] in, let go. All right. So, I'm just going to go over, I guess,
like main top five tips that can help you turn into a profitable trader.
That's probably going to be the title of this. We'll go with number one. Um, and that's just going to be having a
long-term vision. You guys have to understand that trading is not a get-richqu scheme. And if you guys think
that you are going to, let me circle back. Trading is not a get-rich quick scheme. You guys convince yourselves
that trading is going to get you rich quick. Sometimes there's people within the space that can make you think or
just certain videos within just the day trading niche that can make you think that day trading as itself is a
get-richqu type of scenario, but it's not. Okay? And I'm here to tell you it
definitely is not. Day trading is a skill, and we'll talk about that a little bit later. Okay? So, you guys
need to have a long-term vision on this. You can't think, I'm going to get into day trading and within the next month
I'll be making $100,000 in a month or oh, I'm going to make $100,000 in a week
or oh, day trading is going to help me pay off all my bills. That's not going
to be the case. Odds are you guys are going to lose money consistently from day trading, from crypto, from really
any financial market that you try and get into in the first place for the first one to two years. And if we think
about that on a skill standpoint, it makes complete sense. Like, uh, let's
say I try and pick up playing freaking basketball, um, today and I've never
played basketball in my entire life. And the first month, am I going to be really
good at basketball? No, I'm going to [ __ ] suck. And the first year, am I going to be really good at basketball?
Will not necessarily. Will I know all the basics? Will I know some of the like, you know, the majority of the
moves? Yeah. Will I be able to hit shots, you know, relatively consistent consistently? Yeah. But will people see
me on the court and be like, he's a really good basketball player? No. And again, what comes with that? That that
year takes a lot of time and a lot of effort for me to even get to that point. Okay. And then on top of that, what
happens if I add another year of lots of hard work, lots of consistency, working on and off the court, focusing on my
game? then by year two I'll probably be a overall relatively good basketball
player. Okay. So we need to think about trading in the same way. We need to understand that look in order for us to
get good at trading and to get good at the skill of knowing where price wants to go every single day because that's
what trading is. Trading isn't about making money. It's about predicting where price wants to go every single
day. And that's where a lot of people get their [ __ ] flipped. We'll talk about that even more later on, okay? But for
the time being, tip number one is have a long-term vision. Understand that day
trading is not going to get you out of your debts. Day trading is not going to get you rich quick. You need to see day trading in the long-term vision. say,
"Look, if I can put my head down and focus on this skill that's going to take several years to learn, but when I do
learn it, I have the biggest edge within the market and I have one of the biggest edge edges as a human to be able to
predict where financial markets want to go." And in turn, what is a awesome reward that comes with that, a [ __ ] ton
of money, because we're able to actually like place bets or actually put money on
these predictions that we've trained so long and hard for. That's where the reward comes from. Okay? It's not just
trying to make money. It's trying to understand how price moves. Okay, so that would be step one. Step number two,
it's going to be hard work and consistency. Okay, so and also uh doing the right work. Okay, so hard work,
consistency, and then doing the right work consistently and hard. Pause. No
diddy bopper. Um, but you guys get what I'm saying. Okay, first of all, we know
what we want to do. We want to be able to predict price action. We want to be able to predict where price is going to
go pretty much every day, every hour of the day, every second of the day, 24/7,
365. Are we ever going to get to that point? Probably not. But will, if we put in enough time and put in enough effort,
can we potentially get to that point? Yes. Okay. Um, so we want to keep that
in mind. All right. So, we have to work our [ __ ] ass off to even g get and obtain that
skill. Again, we need to think of day trading as a skill of being able to predict where price wants to go day in
and day out. So, what comes along with that? We can't just watch a five minute YouTube video and then boom, we're going
to be profitable or we'll be able to predict where the market goes. No, it's going to take a lot of time and it's going to take lots of hours on the
chart. It's going to take lots of hours and repetitions. There's that famous Kobe quote um or whatever that book like
10 10,000 hour rule where in order to to be a master at something, you have to
put 10,000 hours uh worth of work and practice into your craft. Okay? The same thing applies to trading. If you want to
be a master at trading, you have to put 10,000 hours in. Okay? Get your [ __ ] hours in. And how do you get your hours
in? It's by literally just sitting your ass down and [ __ ] grinding, bro. So that's step one, hard work. Okay? And
then on top of that, it's going to be consistency. Let's say one day you're just like, I really want to do trading.
And you're just like super sporadic. And you spend 10 hours in one day studying and grinding trading. And then boom, the
next month you try and trade, but you're not studying and you're not, you know,
like continuing to learn and work on your craft. Then what happens? you know,
you only spent 10 hours working on the skill and then you wasted an entire
month of just [ __ ] squandering it trying to get rich quick. Okay? So, we need consistency with our learning of
the skill. Okay? And then last within the second tip is going to be
consistency and hard work on the right things. Okay? So you guys need to
understand that studying and trying to learn 10,000 different strategies
and spending an hour on each one of those 10,000 strategies is not going to
turn you profitable within the market. You want to be really good at mainly
just three things within trading. We want to simplify our skill set within trading. What does trading? What really
makes up trading? Let's think about all the successful, all the profitable traders that you guys could ever think
of. What are the main three things that they say discriminates them? Whoa, pause. No racial. Um, but you know what
I'm saying? What What are the three things that causes a profitable trader to be different than an unprofitable
trader? What do most people say? They say their psychology is on another level. They're able to perform robotically throughout the market. So
boom, you can spend a portion of your 10,000 hours fixing your mindset, fixing your headsp space, making sure that
you're robotic within the market, making sure that your emotions are no longer attached to your trades. Boom.
Psychology. Next, risk management. Okay, there's a lot more to risk management, and I've explained this to my mastermind
students. There's a lot more to risk management than just, oh, risk 1% per
trade and stick your stop loss and stick your takeprofit. There's a lot of analytics and data that goes into that. And [ __ ] it, maybe I make a [ __ ]
YouTube video on that and add it to the trading transformation talking about risk management and how you can look at your percentages like your win rate
percentage, how you can look at your risk-to-reward and then how that goes into profitability. Spend some of your
10,000 hours studying your risk-to-reward. How can I get a better risk-toreward? Studying your win rate.
How can I get a better win rate? How can I avoid losers? And how can I consistently pick winners? Okay. Um and
then boom, grow from there. And then third, last, and finally, what is another thing that makes us a successful
day trader is our edge within the market. And that's strategy. Okay? So, spending 10,000 hours on just strategy,
purely dedicating time to just candlesticks, moving up and down within the market. Yeah, that's going to give
you part of the edge, but on top of that, we need to be studying our mindset and we need to be studying our risk
management in order to in order to be a fully profitable trader. Because what happens if we know where price wants to
go, but we suck at risk management? one trade can wipe us out, right? If we know exactly where price is going to go, but
we r but we risk 100% of our um portfolio every single trade and we know
that not every single day trader is going to have a 100% win rate, that person eventually is going to get wiped
out. What happens if we have good risk management and we have a good edge
within the market, but we can't keep our emotions under control? So, we keep
cutting off our winners too early. We don't let our winners ride to take profit and we keep cutting off our losers too early. So, sometimes price
might dip down and you're like, "Oh no, I'm too scared. B, cancel." And then boom, you end up losing a trade that would have ended up being a winner.
That's why we need to fix our mental. So, boom. That's tip two. work hard, work consistently, and work on the right
things. Okay? And I just went in super crazy detail about some of the right things that you guys can work on. Okay?
This is literally off the dome piece. Just trying to give you guys some extra information. Um, and just some [ __ ] tips and tricks, bro. I want you guys to
be [ __ ] profitable. You guys are my dogs. Um, let's go into tip number three. Oh, treat this [ __ ] like a
[ __ ] job, bro. Um, a lot of people I mean, look, a lot of people like to come
at me on the internet saying, "TJR doesn't take trading seriously. TJR, he
teaches this [ __ ] like it's fun in [ __ ] games. He teaches this [ __ ] like it's a like, oh, like they don't need to
be taking it seriously." That's not true. That's not true at all. Okay?
There's a difference between having fun with your work and treating your work
like it's not a [ __ ] job. When if you guys think about me trading when I'm
trading, am I just goofily like saying, "What if I went long here and clicked
buy with no stop-loss, no takeprofit? Would I ever do that?" No. Would I ever
full port on news? No. Do I execute with good risk management,
good mentality, with an edge within the market every single time that I place a trade? Yes.
Do I like to make you guys actually enjoy [ __ ] trading? Because we should all be enjoying our work. Treat trading
like a [ __ ] job and then we'll we'll Whoa. Jeez, I didn't even mean to do that. Um, that was crazy. But treat
trading like a job. But there's no problem having fun within your job. A lot of people are like, "Yeah, you need
to make trading [ __ ] if you're like look,
trading and honestly all of work is a skill, right? Most skills can be kind of
gamified. Me personally, trading is one of the best games ever. When I play
basketball, I'm having [ __ ] fun. I'm talking [ __ ] I'm laughing in my opponent's faces. When I hit a [ __ ]
crazy move, I'm celebrating. Trading is no [ __ ] different. I know
there's a difference between me being like super lit after getting a win.
And like just, you know, like just being like, "Hell yeah, [ __ ] caught the dub."
versus like actually being emotional about it. You guys have to identify the
difference between the two. I don't give a [ __ ] if I win or if I lose within the market because I
understand my risk going into every single trade. That's what good traders do. Just
because I say, "Hell yeah, I [ __ ] won a trade. That's [ __ ] awesome." I'm not celebrating
because of the money. That's the difference. I'm celebrating because we did a good [ __ ] job within the
market. And I'm not [ __ ] crying and beating my [ __ ] ass and oh well, I
just lost this this amount of money. No. When I miss a [ __ ] big shot in basketball, am I really [ __ ] upset
about it? Yeah. But what does that make me do? It makes me want to practice and motivates me to work even harder to be
able to make those shots. It's the same thing in trading. If I lose a trade, I get [ __ ] pissed off. Am I pissed off
about the money, though? Hell no. I'm pissed off that I wasn't good enough at trading to know that that was a bad
trade to take. So, what do I do? I go back into the charts and I figure out what the [ __ ] I did wrong. Okay, if you
aren't having fun doing your [ __ ] work, then why the [ __ ] are you doing it as a job? Like, genuinely find your
[ __ ] passion. I I'm This is like most people see me as a [ __ ] cool guy. I'm a [ __ ] geek when it comes to this
[ __ ] I like, bro, I love seeing the [ __ ] numbers. I love seeing the candlesticks. I [ __ ] love this [ __ ]
Okay. And if you guys don't love trading for what it is, which is predicting where price wants to go on a daily
[ __ ] basis, I love being right. This market helps literally gives me the
gives me the opportunity to be right and to prove 99% of people wrong on a daily
[ __ ] basis because 99% of traders are going to be losing every single day. And if I'm able to be 1% of those people
that's right, that fills me with [ __ ] joy. and I love the competitiveness about it.
Did I say anything that involves money when talking about why I like trading in
that sentence? No. If you guys are getting into trading for the [ __ ]
money, you guys are getting into it for the wrong reason. You need to actually be trading because you truly love being
right within the market, being able to predict where the market goes. And if that's not you, then you should just get the [ __ ] out of trading. Love your work.
And if you love your work, you'll be able to work forever. That's like my [ __ ] motto. You got to be able to love what you do. Number four, we need
to tra treat treat trading like a [ __ ] skill. Okay? And if we don't treat trading like a skill, then we'll
never get good at it. Again, this kind of merges into you guys getting into trading for the wrong reasons. Okay?
First of all, we have to understand that we are going to suck at trading at first. Just because we watch a strategy
video and the strategy doesn't wow, Reeks doesn't work for us
doesn't mean that the strategy doesn't [ __ ] work. Maybe it's because you've only spent 5 minutes watching a YouTube
video and then you risked live [ __ ] funds and you've never taken a trade with that strategy in your entire life
and you haven't even put any single time into back testing it in any [ __ ] time
into working and grinding on that edge within the market. You ever thought about that? Have you ever thought about
why those strategies that you watch a 5-minute YouTube video on and then go and try and figure them out and try and
trade with your funded account on it? Because it's the oh this strategy will help you pass your funded account in two [ __ ] days. You guys got to understand
first of all strategy isn't necessarily what turns us profitable. We just have to have a edge within the market. So if
we think about all profitable traders in the world, okay, most people have
different strategies than others, right? There's a bunch of different profitable traders in the world and all of them
have different strategies than a bunch of bunch of the other profitable traders. There's no right way to [ __ ]
trade, okay? So stop getting in Tik Tok comment sections and YouTube comment section saying, "Listen, you don't know what you're talking about. If he's
profitable, he's [ __ ] profitable and you're still unprofitable. So shut the [ __ ] up." Okay. Um, and moving on from that, we
have to treat trading like a [ __ ] skill. So, we're going to suck dick at it. Still doesn't sit right. Um, we're
going to suck at the day trading skill. Okay? And
we have to understand that. And we have to understand that skills get built over time with hard work, consistency,
consistently doing the right the right work hard. Again, pause. Um, and we have
to understand that we're looking to build the skill of predicting where price wants to go, not focus on making
money within the market. Because if we go into the market thinking how can I make the most amount of money today,
what is that going to cause us to do when it comes to trading? It's causing it's going to cause us to take a trade
on every single pair and it's going to cause us to overleverage on every single pair. That's short-term thinking because
we get into the market and we think how can I make the most amount of money today versus if we think how can I learn
how to predict price action so that over a course of a long period of time over the course of my entire [ __ ] life
will I be able to make a significant amount of money over a long period of time because of this skill. That's what
you guys should be focused on getting into the market. Focus on the skill set, not the money that comes with the skill.
If we think like LeBron just dropped one of the hardest quotes ever talking about this, he said a lot of the young rookies
are coming in coming into the [ __ ] league and coming into the game um and
they're focused on the wrong things. They're focused on the [ __ ] watches. They're focused on the cars. They're focused on the chains. And he said,
"Focus on the game and all of that will come with it." It's the same with literally any [ __ ] job. Focus on the
[ __ ] game. Focus on the skill set. And the money is just the best [ __ ]
side effect that comes with that. Okay. So, boom. That's for Okay. Boom. This is
going to be the last one. How to be a profitable day trader. Don't you need to put all your eggs in one basket when
learning a skill for the first time. Okay. This is kind of applicable to every [ __ ] side hustle ever. If you
try if you're trying to learn day trading, drop shipping, Amazon FBA, Tik Tok shop, and uh [ __ ] I don't even
know, some other [ __ ] You are spreading yourself way too thin, and you're pretty much allocating a fifth of
the time to all five of those skills when you could just be allocating 100% of your time to one single skill. So
again, a lot of people get into day trading for the money. You guys are probably trying to do a bunch of other side hustles for the money. Look at all
those side hustles and you know, hey, all these side hustles, they will make me a lot of money if I dedicate a [ __ ]
ton of time to them, but I can't be doing all of them at once. So, what do you need to do? Choose the one that you
like the best because that's what you're going to succeed most with. That's what you're going to be able to do the most amount of work with. Everyone likes to
pull up that thing that says, "Oh, millionaires have [ __ ] seven streams of income, so I'm going to start off
when I'm [ __ ] broke and [ __ ] doing eight different things and I'm going to have a bunch of different streams of income." [ __ ] idiots, bro. This is
how it actually works. You start off and you have one single cup and you pour your heart and [ __ ] soul and 100% of
your skills and effort and work and consistency into that cup until that cup turns into a [ __ ] welloiled machine.
When it starts, it's going to be like to be able to fill up, and you're just going to be [ __ ] shaking your hand to
be able to fill that cup up. But then eventually, that cup is going to be steadily flowing with a bunch of [ __ ]
water and a bunch of [ __ ] cash. And you're going to know how to do it. You're going to have teams that are going to be doing it for you. Whether
it's a business or whether it's trading, you're going to know exactly right when you get on the chart what you're looking for, how to execute, where your mindset
should be like. And once that's taken care of and once that cup is overflowing in a welloiled machine, that's when you
bring another cup into the system because you already know how to trade or you already know that this business is running well on itself and you don't
have to do all the [ __ ] dirty work for that business or for trading or for [ __ ] drop shipping. It's just working
on its own. That's when you bring another cup in and then that's when you take the overflowed [ __ ] water from the first cup and then you start pouring
it into the second cup. And then from there, boom, trading it's [ __ ] automated. you already know. Okay, I
spent 3 hours of day of a day day trading. Now I can start a business within something else that I [ __ ] love. Whether it's [ __ ] clothing,
whether it's a [ __ ] uh business within the trading niche like I did. Okay, you can get into that and then
boom, you got to do the dirty work until that business or that [ __ ]
other side hustle starts actually working again, okay? And becomes a welloiled machine. Boom. Then we stash
that cup over there. Boom. Both the cups are overflowing. welloiled machines. You know exactly how they work. You know
exactly what's going on with them and they're just systematic. You don't got to worry about them. They're just boom,
you bring in a third cup to and now your machine when it's getting started up. Before you didn't have much capital on
the first cup, you had no capital to, you know, do a little drizzle, oil up all the gears, WD40.
Okay? But now you have a [ __ ] ton of capital because you have two cups that are overflowing consistently. You also
have a bunch of other skills from those two skills that you mastered and were able to boom pile on. Now you have a
third cup and you're like, "Bet, I've already filled two cups before. I know exactly what this takes." Boom. You get
the machine up and running a lot quicker than those first two cups. You're able to fill it a lot quicker. Boom. Starts
printing you money. Fourth cup, fifth cup, sixth cup, seventh cup, all printing you money. All systematic, well
welloiled machine. But we have to understand that what did it start with?
One single cup. So you guys are not making any money right now and you guys are spreading yourself way too thin. You
have to choose whatever skill, whatever side hustle it may be. And today I'm talking about trading because that's
what I do. Okay? And you have to understand if you want to get into trading, you have to treat it like a
[ __ ] job and you have to put your all into it. Okay? So with that being said, I appreciate you boys. I'm dipping out of here. I love y'all. I'll see you
 Lesson 33: How To Trade PM Session
guys. one of those things we will talk about today which is PM session. So without further ado, we're going to get
into my PM session trading strategy.
Just kidding. Focus, boys. What are we We're trading PM session. Okay, so
anyways, do I really plan on trading PM session while I'm in Puerto Rico? Not
necessarily, just because AM session is super favorable for my time zone. The reason why I was trading PM session
um over yonder in Hawaii was because uh 3:30 is when market open and I was like,
"Fuck that [ __ ] I'm definitely not waking up at 3:30 a.m. in Hawaii. I'm just going to trade trade PM session."
So for PM session, we have the macro macro kill.
Whatever. The most optimal time to trade is from two to 3 pm. Okay, we can kind
of drag this over to like 1:30 more like. Okay, but anyways, it's within
that time zone. You should already be on the charts by that time anyways. But from 1:30 to 3 is kind of our prime
time. But from like 1:30 to 300 p.m. Eastern time is really our prime time to trade.
So, if you guys are on PST, this might be something that you can you can consider because I know when I was on
PST, I didn't really like trading at 6:30 a.m. That's a little bit easier
than 9 uh sorry, that's a little bit easier than 3:30, but still, for some of you, you know, maybe you got to change
your diaper before you go to preschool, whatever. Anyways, let's jump into this. So, I pretty much treat PM session
similar to how I trade AM session, except just on lower time frames. So
again, it's the same [ __ ] strategy, just lower time frame. So what are we looking for? We're looking for lower
lower time frame liquidity sweep, okay? And by lower time frame, I mean like 15 to 5 minute, okay? We're treating those
as like our 4 hour and our hourly. And we're executing on the one minute, okay? And we'll get into that. We're using
confluences and trends based on the 15minute. And then on top of that, we
are using confluence and trends based off the fivem minute. mainly overall I'm looking at the 15minute
um for overall like bias and direction. Okay, similar to the 4 hour, I don't
really use the 5m minute too much. I mainly use the fivem minute to identify draws on the on liquidity similar to the
1 hour and then I execute purely based off the 1 minute. So with that in mind,
what are we looking for on the 15-minute and and on the five-minute? Well, the 15-minute we're looking for overall
trends. So, like this was my markups from Wednesday, my last day in Hawaii.
And I was able to hit a trade uh hit a winning trade on this. I didn't um
post a trade recap on this just because I literally woke up, traded, and then headed to the airport. But anyways, um
let's just use this as an example because again, you guys already know my strategy. We're looking for
liquidity sweep within obviously within the trend direction that we want. liquidity sweep,
break of structure. Okay, and then a third confluence fill. All right, and
that's what we're looking for. Okay, so on here on the 15minute, what do we see? Okay, we see a sweep out of these lows.
Then what do we get? We get a break of structure. Okay, awesome. Then what can we start looking for? Well,
we have a 15-minute imbalance. I removed this already, but anyways, we have a
15-minute imbalance. If we go to the fivem minute, we had a fivem minute imbalance within here as well. I also
marked out this fivem minute order block right here. Boom. And and I also
highlighted this like this order block and this fiveminute breaker were pretty much within the same region. So I just marked it out with that blue little
line. Boom. Five minute order block, fivem minute breaker along with a
fiveminute fair value gap. It's just scrumshits every like I just eat that [ __ ] up for breakfast. Okay. So the
15-minute we're determining the trend. Okay. Boom. We see a liquidity sweep prior to prior to our
[ __ ] smelled so bad the flies had to come crawling out. Anyways, we swept we
swept these lows during like we can call pre-market of PM session. Okay, we break
structure to the upside. So, what are we looking for? We're looking for buys. Okay. And if we even look into our
higher time frames too during this time. Okay. I guess we weren't bullish.
Well, I'm pretty sure we were on the 4 hour regardless. The 15-minute is what we're looking at because we're trying to trade on such a small time frame. Okay.
So, we break structure to the upside. We see price push into those confluences. 15-minute fair value gap. Okay. 15minute
order block. 15-minute breaker as well with this candlestick. Okay. whole bunch of confluences along with five minute
confluences. We get within that area, right?
And then from there, what do we do? We can scale down into the one minute time frame,
we get right up on in there. And then what are we looking for? We're looking for a break of structure. Why? Because we had the liquidity sweep. We had the
high time or high time frame breakup structure. We had the high time frame confluence fill. So then what can we do?
We can scale in to our lower time frame to execute. So what do we look for? We look for a break of structure. When do
we get it? Boom. Right here.
Let me get rid of this so you guys just don't go blind off the [ __ ] Okay. We get the breaking structure right here.
Okay. Then what are we looking for? We're looking for a third confluence ganbox. Boom. drop top that right there.
We get a fill right within here. Boom. Bullish confluence out of that right there. We didn't necessarily get any
fair value gaps to get filled. We have this little wick down in within here. Whatever. We can kind of consider this a
breaker. So, that got filled as well. Maybe you considered these candles going
down, pushing into this breaker as like, oh, that's a confluence. And then you wanted to enter off this. [ __ ] it. Let's
just say we entered off of this. Cool. Long John bomb off of that stops
underneath equilibrium. Okay, first take profit
for me was based off this. Okay, so this was the trade that I took. It was just one to one. I was in and then I was out
because again PM session. That's another thing that I noticed when I was trading in Hawaii. I only had one take profit
for two reasons. One, because I wanted to go to the beach and I didn't want to have to be checking my phone to be
managing positions. So that's just personal options, okay? And second of all, because PM session is slow as [ __ ]
Look at these one minute candles, okay? Compared to when market opens candles, okay? So
obviously I prefer trading AM session because the price is just the movements
are much cleaner until we get around to like 11 and then [ __ ] starts slowing
down. Okay? And then PM session opens and and [ __ ] starts moving a little bit,
you know, more than whatever this [ __ ] is, but it's still pretty [ __ ] slow. Okay, so that's the main reason why I
only set one takeprofit on my [ __ ] But boom, as you can see, price hits take profit. Now, let's go back and let's go
over the other trades. Let me just remove all this [ __ ] The
other trades that I took. NQ I took two total trades. I won one and I lost
another one. In ES I took two total trades as well over my little PM session trading hiatus and I won both of them.
So only one loss um while I was trading PM session which is pretty [ __ ] fire. And I really
liked trading on those low time frames. And I'm honestly kind of considering or here. You know what we can do? We can
just [ __ ] back test the days that I didn't trade. So I didn't trade on Thursday or on Friday. So [ __ ] it. Let's
let's back test those days and who knows how that's going to go cuz
I don't even know like I didn't even look at the market. Okay, so boom. This is PM session. Oh yeah, we can already
see that this is just like motion. Um AM session as we can see AM session. A
lot more movement. Okay. But anyways,
another thing that's kind of like a little tip and trick that I like to look look for during an AM session
is PM session will typically or during PM session, sorry. AM session will
typically make a big volatile move in whatever direction that it wants to go in and then it'll start cooling off and
then that cool off usually leads into PM session and then the move will typically continue. That's look that's just coming
from the [ __ ] that I've seen over the past week of trading PM session. Don't take that as just like the golden
[ __ ] rule, but that's what I've seen. Okay. So again, what do we see coming
into PM session? We have a breaking structure on the 15minute. I mean, the 15-minut stayed bullish throughout all
of this, but anyways, we're bullish coming into this. Okay, on the 15-minut
time frame, you know, we do want liquidity sweeps. Did we get any going through here?
No. But what can we look for? We can look for those five minutes. Those five minute sweepers. Okay. And
boy, do we get a fiveminute sweepy right here. Clapped. Okay.
And really, another thing that PM session loves to do is it loves to just come come out and like it loves to sweep
out, again, this is like purely just based off of [ __ ] that I've seen. It loves to sweep out like these
kind of like here, let me go back to Wednesday's [ __ ]
It loves to sweep out those little gritty and [ __ ] grindy
grinded ass lows that market has made during AM session leading into PM
session. And like this is what I mean. I mean it's all these little itsybitsy spider ass [ __ ] lows right here. You
know PM session really just wants to [ __ ] all of these over. Okay. And are we going to mark these out as liquidity?
No. But can we kind of use that in the back of our head like, "Oh, PM session wants to come through and like ruin all
these lows day and everybody who's just like, I'm going to scalp this move, you know, they're just going to get fucked."
That's what PM session wants to do. It wants to come through and it wants to take out all those little gritty and grindy ass lows that get made on that
like slight partial ass move up. Okay, so similar situation here except we had
a bit of a liquidation right here already. But boom, we come through, we sweep out these lows.
Okay, and since we're already bullish on the 15. Okay, we're green bean,
ready to rock. Okay, we see a sweep on the five minute again, similar to a sweep on the one minute. What can we do?
We can scale down. What are we looking for? Break structure on the one minute. Boom, we get it right here. or [ __ ] it.
We can say that we get it right here. Okay, what sort of confluences can we
can we use? Well, technically this order block. Boom. Beamwork. Okay, what else
do we have? We have this breaker right here, which doesn't get end up getting hit. We have fair value gaps through here, which don't end up getting hit. We
have a fair value gap right here, which ends up getting hit, but invalidated. So, really, our main entry point is
going to be this order block. Boom. What can we do? Long John Silver
off of this candle right here. Where can we put the invalidation? Underneath the order block. So, this whole move down.
Okay. And then where can we target? Damn. We're going to have to do some research.
Let's see over here. Let's see if this hourly high is within its like range for good RR.
And then we also have this start of this imbalance right here. We can do the end
of the imbalance right here. And then we can do the start of this imbalance. Cool.
Scale back down. Okay. Yeah. So, this one way too [ __ ] close to entry.
The next one we'll see if it's good. R. Probably not. Yeah. Eh.
Okay. So again, similar situation here.
Yeah, we found a good RR for it. Whatever. Obviously, this is pretty cherrypicked because we we see what
happens afterwards. But again, proof and product. We see we
identify the 15-minute trend. We see that there's a breaking structure. We see uh we see a five-minute liquidity
sweep. We're already within a uh we we push down into like a 15-minute
imbalance. All the good stuff. Price continues higher and continues filling in balances
and taking out liquidity. Cool. Cool. Now, let's move over to Friday and then that will be the last of our drilling.
Such a [ __ ] perfect example of this [ __ ] I can literally see this [ __ ] from a mile away,
dog. Tell me this [ __ ] ain't working. Tell me this [ __ ] ain't twerking. Holy moly.
Okay, what do we see here? 15minute before PM session gets cracking.
Sweep these lows. Break structure to the upside.
Boom. Both of the confluences already filled. Now, what are we looking for? We have a
15-minute fair value gap right here.
scale into the five minute. We have those gritty [ __ ] griny ass lows lows that we were talking about that we
didn't necessarily see as much get taken out the last time around. But again, we
see like those itsybitsy spider ass lows that just want to be ripped to shreds. Okay. Itsybitsy spider ass low.
Itsybitsy spider ass low. Itsybitsy spider ass low. Itsybitsy spider ass low.
Okay. If we go to the fivem minute, we can see even more detail here. Okay, we have
this fivem minute order block right here. We have this fiveminute breaker which is in line with this fivem
minute fair value gap unicorn unicorn whatever you want to call it. We're getting into this [ __ ] Okay, we're
scaling in. We're waiting for a one minute breakup structure, which unfortunately doesn't necessarily happen until all the way the [ __ ] up up here.
Okay, because we have this absurd high that was made. Boom. But we get a little breaky wakey.
Okay. Let's see. Damn. I don't think that's a
fair value gap. I don't think I would have been able to get a trade on here. I mean, the
slightest sliver, but that's not something that I would would have taken a trade off of. Let's see if we hit equilibrium. If not,
uh, didn't hit it. But again, proof and product. Let's say
like you're just, I don't know, maybe a bit of a dumbass and you just enter purely off of the break of structure.
Cool. I Hey, man. Cool. Let's say you just did
that proof of product. You know, you wouldn't have gotten stopped out on this if your stop was under here. If your
stop was under here, we see price moves up. We take out these highs. Do we hit
these highs? No, not quite. But we take out other highs along the way. This high right here. This high right here. There
has to be a takerit along those along there at some point in time. Okay. And
boom. Crush the [ __ ] So there you go. Um
I'll go ahead and kind of write out how I would go about trading PM session. So
first of all would be Jeez, chill with the caps lock.
Identify 15-minute trend. Second,
um, look for technically low time frame liquidity sweep, but don't be going on
the 1 minute. So, five minute slash 15minut. Okay. Three. Okay. Fine. Third
confluence within the five minute slash5minut
and then for execute on the one minute. Boom bam blow. That's
how I trade PM session. That's what really [ __ ] worked for me while I was trading in Hawaii. Do I think I'll ever
trade PM session again? I mean [ __ ] If I'm ever in Pacific Standard Time, maybe
I will. if I'm ever in Hawaii again. Maybe I will. But and [ __ ] it. Maybe if
I don't catch a trade during AM session, um if I don't catch a trade um during AM
session, maybe I'm like, "Okay, cool. I'll spin back and trade PM session because I know what works." But there
you go. for people who are on the islands over in Aahu, Maui, Kauaii, Big
Island, whatever the whatever the other lesser kind of not as cool island is. Um, if
you're in California, leave. Um, but yeah, other than that,
man, that covers trading PM session. All right, boys. Catch you guys in the next one. Today, we are going to be going
 Lesson 34: Best Time To Trade
over time within the market. So, without further ado, let's get into it. All right, this should be pretty short. Um,
it's really just going to cover the best times that I found to be trading um
during New York Stock Exchange. Okay, so the first time and what a lot of people
call this is like the macro kill zone. Um, and I honestly agree with that. Um, a lot of times I preach to never take a
trade before 10 p.m. and I still hold that to be true. Okay. So, a lot of
times we'll have today was a bad example because we had PPI news data. Let's go ahead and mark out yesterday. Um, we
have 9:30 or sorry, we have 8:30. First of all, it's just smart to know when all
of this is happening. So, first of all, 8:30 is going to be pre-market open.
Okay? And we can get some activity within here, but it is all almost always in your best interest to not trade
during pre-market. And then we have a full hour of pre-market. And then boom, at 9:30 we have market
open. And then from there we have another 30 minutes until that 10 p.m. mark. And it's really at like 9:50
that the kill zone starts. and it goes from 950
to around 1010 where we have
elite setups um for trades to be taken. So again from 950 to 1010. Don't ask me
why. That's just typically when the market likes to offer us good times to
enter. Why? Because the 4hour candle closes at 10.
Okay. Okay, so 10 minutes before that we can get some serious action. This 4hour
candle closes, this 1 hour candle closes. There's a bunch of candle closures that can cause a lot of
movements within the market. So that's why this is a very hot topic kill zone. Okay, so from 950
to 10:10 is always going to be a really solid time to start to find like either
a liquidity sweep or to find an entry for your trade. Okay, that's typically
when I I start to start looking for entries. And as we can see here, okay,
we form a high and then really right after that at around 10:25, we get a sweep
of these highs and this would have been the trade of the day to have sells right out of that. Okay. Um, and again, this
varies dayto-day, but a really good um, standard and rule to have for yourself
is never really try and look to execute before 950. Um, and again, the reason
for that is because price is developing and price typically isn't going to make the majority of the move. I mean on this
day it it made the majority of the move during pre-market, okay, with this leg
up and then boom, right when market opens it falls. But we can see that price sets sets itself up for another
leg down within that kill zone. Okay, we can show another example of that over
here and then we'll go over the PM kill zone. And again, like I said, this is really just talking about the optimal
times to trade. There's nothing really like super duper special for this besides like the simple [ __ ] as you
should be looking to trade during these times. And right here, boom. Like we can see this is a real obvious window of
where the majority of the move happens. So we can see boom, this is market open. Okay, we can see that market opens and
we start leging up towards this draw on liquidity. We see the liquidity sweep.
Okay, right around that 950 mark and then boom, within there, you should have found some sort of entry.
Boom. 950 hits. Okay, we're looking for breaking
structure to the downside. Okay, we see it here. No third confluence. Boom. We see it here. Maybe we find an entry off
of this as price legs down further. Okay, so this is going to be our first kill zone from 950 all the way till
1010. This is a really optimal time frame to start looking for entries and to look for your main high time frame
confluences to be getting hit during this time. Okay, so market opens and usually for the first 30 or 20 minutes
price is just going towards that draw in liquidity or going towards a confluence for price to give you an entry for price
to draw into the main draw in liquidity which we can see here. We had lows right here, lows right here, lows right here,
lows right here. And all those end up getting taken out. But what happened? We had to gear up for that legs up. And
then we see the execution come in within this time frame. Okay.
So that's for AM session. Now let's go into PM session. It's really going to be from
1350 to 1410. Okay. Because PM session
starts, right? I mean technically PM session starts at 1300, okay, right here.
But this is kind of that main macro because we have like lunch hour and all of that. Okay. And as we can see within
this time frame, if you guys remember that PM session strategy, we can see, okay, price comes down, we take out a
draw on liquidity right here, price continues higher, super low volatility
because this was a no news Monday, but we can go ahead and see how that looked.
last Friday for potential entries. So again, we're looking for 1350.
Boom. Right here. 1410.
Okay. So we can see that right before this, we get a sweep of liquidity. We get a break of structure to the upside
and then from there we see a fill of this imbalance. Price continues higher. Okay. we didn't necessarily get that
super optimal entry within this PM session kill zone. And again, it's not something that's supposed to be super
strict like I can only enter within these time frames, but it's around these time frames that market typically wants
to draw towards liquidity or cause a trade entry to get popping to get
happening. Okay, let's go to Thursday and let's see the same thing happen. Okay, so this is market open right here.
950 10. So
if we go over here, we can see boom, market opens, 950 hits. Okay, we get a
strong leg up and then where do we get our execution point? We get our execution point within these fair value
gaps within here. Oops, sorry.
where we can find a high high confluence trade setup to the upside because we can see market opens we see a sweep of
liquidity we see a breaker structure to the upside boom we see our third confluence get filled we can find
entries within there okay now let's go to PM session
1350 1410 And
okay, not much going on within here besides us seeing, okay, we're continuing within our bias to the
upside. We can see
that market wants to come down, take out this strong liquidity. We didn't really see many other sweeps of liquidity
within there. And again happens right after this little kill zone
which again is okay. We just know that these are the certain time frames where typically market is going to be seeking
out draws on liquidity. It's going to be wanting to move and it's going to be more volatile and have more volume. As we can see we get a sweep of that
continue higher and continue within the trend that was started during AM session. We'll go over one more
before I leave you guys. Okay, so we have market open right here
950 1010 similar situation here. Okay,
during pre-market we have a sweep of liquidity. We have a break of structure to the upside. During this kill zone, we see market drive into a fair value gap
and give us a great execution point right at that 10-10 mark for price to continue higher and seek out draws on
liquidity up here. Perfect. Now, let's go into PM session. We have 13
50 right here. It doesn't look like we're going to get much within here. 1410. Not much going on during PM
session, but we can see within the same hour, right towards that same hour, we see price drive down, fill in this
liquidity or sorry, fill in this imbalance and drive back higher, taking out boom, these highs right here and
wicking out these lower time frame highs right here. Let me do one more.
Okay, so again, similar situation. This is our kill zone and we see price wants to move a little bit lower, sweep out
this liquidity, and then boom, price moves higher. We end up taking out these highs, taking out this high right here.
Boom. Perfect. Now, let's go into AM session. We have market open.
Boom. 950. And you guys can see where this is serving us up.
10:10. Okay. Right within this kill zone is where we see the drawn liquidity.
Boom. We see low time frames get swept out. Boom. We also see this get swept
out. Boom. Okay. We can find entries
within this kill zone to go long, sending price higher. And during pre-market, we can see that price swept
liquidity, broke structure to the upside. We see this come down, fill in this order block. Boom. Price continues
higher. So, that pretty much covers my favorite
times to trade. And again, we kind of covered that in PM session, but I figured, hey, why not make an actual
full when are my optimal times to trade. Okay, I don't necessarily follow like
ICT's kill zone to a [ __ ] T. I don't necessarily um follow all the macro this and that,
okay? I know that time is a huge it's a huge thing in trading, okay? Okay. And for me, it's always like I'm trading
market open and I know that I'm typically going to be waiting until 9:50 or around 10 to be looking to enter into
a trade. And I know that during that 9:30, from 9:30 until then, price is typically going towards a draw on
liquidity or it's just going to be consolidating until we get into that 1
hour 4hour close where price starts to get more volatile, go to towards our
confluences where we can start taking trades. So that being said, I appreciate you boys. I will catch you guys in the
next one. Hopefully this helped you guys figure out what time frames are kind of best for you guys to trade or not time
frames, but what times are best for you guys to trade for market open and for PM session. I appreciate you boys. I'll
catch you guys in the next one. Now, let's get into everybody's been wondering saying, "Oh, you're taking
 Lesson 35: How To Trade On Multiple Timeframes
trades on lower time frames. What happened to this? You're taking trades on higher time frames. What happened to
this?"
Listen the [ __ ] up and listen real [ __ ] close. My strategy is universal.
The confluences that I teach, you can apply it to any time frame. The strategy
that I teach, you can scale it down and you can scale it up and still make money, baby. That's what we're all
about. Okay? So, that's what I'm going to teach you in this video before I pop a [ __ ] blood vessel and kill you.
Okay, just kidding. Let's lock in. All right. So, everybody that's
[ __ ] screaming, shut up. All right. We we're solving your [ __ ] baby [ __ ]
today, man.
Anyways, most people know the strategy as we look
at the 4 hour for overall daily bias. Then we look at the 1 hour, see how that trend correlates. And then we scale down
to the 15 and the five minute and find executions on there. But hold on. If there's liquidity sweeps
on the 4 hour, and also liquidity sweeps on the 1 hour,
and there's liquidity sweeps on the 15-minut, the 5 minute, and even the one minute. And there's also fair value gaps
on the one minute. There's also fair value gaps on the 5m minute. There's also fair value gaps on the 15-minute. There's fair value gaps on every single [ __ ] time frame.
And all of these confluences hold true on literally every single time frame. Don't you think that our strategy can be
applied amongst any time frames?
Okay, lock in. We'll start off on the bigger time frame.
Let's say I want to be a swing trader. It's as simply It's as simple as just
scaling up the time frame. got that.
Okay, so this is a perfect example.
The weekly time frame, we get a sweepy poo
and then a breaky [ __ ] to the downside. Oh,
scale down lower time frame. Okay. And we see oh the daily broke
structure right here. Okay. All of these all of these
confluence we see a sweep. We see a break of structure on the daily. We also see sweeps
and breaks of structure. It's crazy how it works, isn't it, kiddos?
[Music] Okay, so let's say I just want to be a
[ __ ] swing trader. All that you do is scale up the time frames. Look at the overall overall trend on the weekly.
Right now, we're still within this like bearish trend, but I honestly think that we break right back up to the upside because this just wanted to draw down.
So, we've got liquidity and rally. Cool. Just apply the same concepts that
we do on the 4 hour and on the hourly. Rotate it over on the weekly and the daily. We find our executions and our
confluences on the 4 hour and the hourly. Okay? It's the same type of thing. So let's say on the daily we're looking for
draws on liquidity and we know that we're bearish for example. Let's say we see a sweep of this liquidity. Cool. We
can scale down into the 4 hour. Okay. When do we get a break of structure? Boom. Right here. Okay.
We have this big ass fair value gap. We see the fair value gap get filled. We
see rejections out of it. potential to take a short position off of this stops above that fair value gap
and we can target draws of liquidity. It's universal. There's a reason why we give you guys
these concepts that work on every single time frame because you can apply them to every single time frame. So from today
when you guys saw me take a low time frame trade, don't be like y'all I swear
you guys be taking [ __ ] like super literally and that's okay. sometimes,
right? But for example, also like the high time
frame [ __ ] I'm not that big of a fan. I would rather scale down because I'm trying to move from session to session.
I'm not trying to deal with no freaking weekly and daily liquidity sweeps,
right? Like we'll literally die by the time we find an entry.
Okay. But for example, what happens if we're if we're
going to do something like this where we use the hourly
as our overall bias setter. Oh, we get a beanie bopper break of structure.
Beanie bopper thought break of structurer. Okay, we get that
break along with that. We sweep liquidity on the 15minute. Okay, we could have
looked for like an hourly sweep too because now we're using the hourly in the 15minute as our draws on liquidity
and our overall trend setters
scale down to the five minute. Maybe try and find some confluences within there. Oh damn, a fiveminute break of
structure. And then there's a five minute fair value gap.
And then if we want to scale down even further, there's a rinky dinky dink breakup
structure. And then oh my goodness, look at that. The breakup structure also coincides with an order block right
here. And it's crazy. It's almost like these confluences are in every single [ __ ] time frame.
So, as long as you guys have the big picture, and this is really all the video is going to be is me just yelling at you guys, saying that you guys can
apply this strategy to any time frame. Just have that overall fundamentals of looking at a higher time frame, figure
out the overall trend. And again, just because if I'm executing on a smaller time frame,
let's say, let's say I execute on this breakup structure right here, Long John Silver, okay? And we put the stop loss.
[ __ ] it. Let's just put it at the bottom of this five fivem minute fair value gap because that's what we're taking the trade off of.
Okay. Am I going to set my takerit
to a [ __ ] daily high? Yes. No.
Okay. We're not we're not going to do that.
We can set our takerit to a 15-minute high.
1 to 1.94 risk-to-reward ratio. I'll take that.
We can do like a 15-minute high previous highs. Like let's say this chart got a little bit higher to give us a good
risk-toreward. Boom. Set that as it. But we're not again it's it's the same like
do you guys get what I'm saying? like just scale down the time frames or if you guys want to be a swing trader, scale up the time frames. It's the same
strategy because these concepts happen on every single time frame. There's liquidity sweeps on every single time
frame. There's breakup structures on every single time frame. There's order blocks on every single time frame. There's for value guess on every single time frame. There's breaker blocks on
every single time frame. And I'm going to go [ __ ] crazy. I was just showing a strategy that
worked. And I kind I mean I guess I assumed wrong, but I was assuming that
you guys would understand that and that you guys would be able to be able to like figure it out that hey
it doesn't just the strategy that I gave you isn't just a 4h hour 1 hour 15
minute 5 minute only strategy where you guys can apply these concepts
to multiple time frames. Okay? cuz sometimes
where there was a day I think it was yesterday
let's put like replay to
like here this is what price looked like right and
if we go to 4 hour this is what price looked like
do I really think I'm going to sit on my butt cheeks and wait
for either a 4hour liquidity sweep. Do you really think price is going to be like, "Yeah, bet. We need to sweep
liquidity there." It's not going to do that.
Okay. Do you really think that price is going to also This was deep in the market open anyways after it had broken
structure. Sometimes we can't find trade setups
because it's obvious on the chart that there's no draws on liquidity on the super high time frames. So then what can we do in turn? We can scale down to
lower time frames. And this was the trade that I took yesterday on the 16th where we see a sweep. Wait, it was on
NQ, but whatever. We see a sweep and we see confluences on lower time frames and
we see the sweep on the 15minut time frame. So because we see the sweep on the 15-minut time frame, we know that
the move is going to be smaller than if it was a 4hour sweep or an hourly sweep.
So in turn, we use lower time frames. Okay, let's say that
here I'll show the one on NQ ES. We had this sweep NQ, we had SMT
divergence right here. Scale into the one minute. I need to make a video on SMT
divergence. It just reminded me looking for confluences. Okay, so
15-minute sweep on ES SMT divergence, which essentially like kind of signifies
a a like valid sweep and that NQ is going to continue higher, but I'll make a whole other video on that later. Okay,
I know a lot of people in the kick streams ask me for that. Okay, but we see a 15-minute sweep on
ES. So, we know that the move it's it's it's going to be a sweep, right? We saw that the sweep happened. We see SMT
divergence. Okay. And then we're starting to see confluences to the upside. We invalidate this bearish fair value gap. We we break structure to the
upside on NQ.
I could have entered purely off of that. I waited for for g fair value gap gripper
entry stops underneath the invalidation of the fair value gap.
One and only take profit was right here. Okay. Yes, I could have set higher
takeprofits, but because I exited because I entered on such a low time
frame, I had low time frame takeprofits as well. These concepts are applicable on
every single time frame. And it's the same thing if you want to scale up and wait years to enter on the daily fair
value gap and break structure and all of that, okay? and you want to swing trade,
but I needed to make this video on how you guys can and again like
[Music] stop looking for a copy and paste
one hut one two three four I'm going to eat your ass right when you open the
door ass strategy because sometimes that strategy won't
play out for a [ __ ] month. And then what are you going to do? If we don't see a 4hour liquidity sweep, you know,
it's going to be pretty rare, but let's say we don't see a 4 hour or a 1 hour liquidity sweep for an entire month. Are
we are we just going to sit there and never take a freaking trade
ever again? Like, are are we going to go broke that month? No. We need to be able
to find and be able to analyze charts on different time frames as well.
and all of our concepts, the strategy included, can be used on other time
frames. So hopefully this video kind of clarifies that so you guys aren't tweaking and geeking in the trade recap
videos. And again, if you guys think about that guys, this strategy, this
special strategy that I just showed you, it's the exact same way that I traded PM
session all last week. And I'm just doing it on AM session
because price wasn't giving me good setups for the original SHA strategy
that I showed you. Okay, cool. We cool. Cool. Lock in. So,
 Why Not You?
now that you guys have made it to this point in the video, I'm going to tell you guys something that should encourage you guys to continue on this day trading
journey because the majority of people with long videos like this have already clicked off and have already gone to
watch some different edutainment content because they were like, "Man, 15 hours worth of content. This is too much. I
want the easy way out." But you guys were willing to stick around for this entire video, this full culmination of
everything that I put together over the vast years that I've been on social media helping people turn from
unprofitable to a profitable trader. And guess what? You guys were willing to do what 99% of people weren't willing to
do, which is stay through all of this and which is to understand the education that can help you guys turn profitable
and help you guys change your life. And if you guys were willing to do that, then I know that you guys have what it takes to be able to turn into a
profitable trader. There's a super cool statistic, or not really that cool, but it's it's kind of sad statistic, but it
remains true. Just like how I was telling you guys in the beginning of this video, 99 or 98% of traders fail.
And it's not that they fail, it's that they give up. But another statistic to keep in mind, and especially after you
guys have consumed all of this content, is that 80% of traders that start
trading within their first year fail or give up. So we have that vast majority
98% of traders fail but within their first year of trying to complete day trading 80% of them give up. So if you
guys are able to sit through this massive culmination of education and
information that already tells me that you guys have what it takes to be able to turn profitable because you guys were
able to sit through this. You guys were saying hey I actually want to make this work. I actually want to change my life just like how I wanted to when I was an
unprofitable trader. There was times when I would literally sit down and I was at my parents house back in California and I would sit down and I
would be like, "Look, I want to do anything possible." I would sit and watch the charts for hours, just like how you guys sat on here and watch this
day trading education video for hours. I watch similar videos just like this, but they were a lot shorter and they weren't
really as in-depth and they weren't really as good. But I would watch these day trading videos that would last hours
because I was so committed to being able to turn profitable. I really love this skill and in turn it has helped me
change my life forever. And I know that if you guys go through all of this content and actually apply it, it's going to help you guys change your life
as well. So, I really want you guys to think about that statistic. It's not that 98% of traders fail. It's that 98%
of the people that try day trading end up giving up and they don't give it a long enough shot and they don't expand
their time horizons to understand that hey this is a very high lever skill and it's going to take time and it's going
to take effort just like the time and effort that you guys put in to this video taking notes actually learning and
understanding the fundamentals the confluences how to put everything together and then how to shift your guys' mindset to be able to turn into
profitable traders. All of those things put together can put you guys on this path towards profitability. It's not
going to be easy. It's going to be very difficult. But the fact that all of you guys were able to make it to the end of
this video really tells a lot about your guys' character and how bad you guys want this. Like I said, this video is
going to get a lot of views. But I can almost promise you that the majority of people are going to stop watching this video 30 minutes in, maybe an hour in,
maybe 2 hours in, but you guys were the ones that were able to stick to it and get to the very end of this video and
were actually able to outlast everybody else. that is actually putting you guys in that category or the potential to be
a part of that category. That is part of that 2% of traders that are willing to make it because you guys were willing to
do what 98% of people weren't willing to do, which is stick to it, which is get on here and actually digest the
information, understand the information, and then go out and apply the information on a daily basis and learn from you guys' mistakes, learn from
these lessons and failures that you guys are making in the market. And because you guys got through this video, it's telling me that you guys aren't willing
to give up. Because again, like I was saying, there's a lot of people that are going to get on here and be like, "Yeah, I can't wait to start day trading and
then they get through the first hour and they're like, you know what? It's too hard. I don't want to do that." And
that's the problem with everybody that's trying to make money. They think that it's going to be super easy. But you
guys understand the difficulty and the level of education that is necessary for you guys to turn profitable. And that
puts you guys in honestly the highest tier of people who I know can personally be successful because trust me, I was in
that same exact position as you guys were. And I went through all the work and all of these like long ass nights of
studying day trading videos, reading day trading books, and just watching the charts move for hours and hours and
hours like you guys probably have after trying to apply all of these concepts that I've taught you guys in this longass video. So, I know that every
single one of you guys that has made it to this point, you guys have a hundred times the potential that you guys think. And I can see it in you guys just like
how I saw it in myself. And I'm sure you guys see it in yourself because you guys were able to make it to the end of this video. You guys wouldn't have made it to
the end of this video if you didn't think that you weren't able to do it. Everybody that clicked off this video,
they pretty much admitted to themselves that they are not able to be a full-time day trader. They don't have the
discipline. They don't have the work ethic. And they are pretty much giving up on themselves. But you guys were able
to make it to the end and you guys were pretty much making this commitment to yourself and also to me that hey, I'm
actually going to make this [ __ ] work. So, if you guys were able to make it to the end of this video, I have a [ __ ] ton of respect for you guys and I see a
younger unprofitable version of me. Like I said, if you guys made it to the end of this video, you guys aren't
necessarily profitable yet, but you guys are on that path and you guys have the headsp space and you guys have the motivation and you guys have the work
ethic to be able to make this work. And this massive video gave you guys literally everything that you guys need
to be able to get started. It gave you guys the mindset and the headsp space that you guys are supposed to be in when you guys are getting into trading. And
honestly, because you guys made it to the end of this video, I can already tell you guys that you guys have that. It gave you guys how to build off the
fundamentals, how to build off the confluences, and how to build off the strategy that I gave you guys within this video to be able to turn
profitable. We went over risk management, how you guys are supposed to turn profitable with all of this new information. So, what I want to
encourage you guys to do is continue using that same work ethic and that same motivation that help you guys get through this longass video that is again
the goal is to help you guys turn from an unprofitable trader into a profitable trader and go out and apply it on the
charts. And just like I was saying in the beginning of this video, it's going to be very difficult. It's going to be a
struggle to be able to get through all of these lessons and all these mistakes that you guys are going to have to make. And it's probably going to take a really
long time. There's still going to be little holes in your guys' boat. Like I was saying, the goal with this video is to be able to patch up all the big holes
that you guys have. But there's still going to be little holes, little mistakes that you guys are going to have to try and patch up and figure out for
yourselves. And again, if you guys don't want to spend the next 2 years or 6 months trying to patch up these holes
for yourselves and get a fast track to profitability, that's exactly why I made the blueprint. And honestly, the
blueprint is really only applicable for people that have the motivation, that have the work ethic, that were able to
make it to the end of this video, that actually want to be able to change their lives. Because again, the blueprint and
my mentorship isn't going to just whatever. You get in there and snap your fingers and boom, you're profitable. But
I know that every single one of you guys, because you guys made it to the end of this video, you guys have the work ethic and you guys have the
motivation to be able to do what it takes to be able to turn profitable just like how I did back when I was an
unprofitable trader. And I had to take literally years out of my life to be able to learn these skills in order to
turn profitable with little to no guidance. But the nice thing for you guys is you guys now can have guidance.
You guys can have coaches such as myself and other profitable traders right by your side. So we can help patch up those
little holes in your boat and instead of it taking two years, three years, even five years of trial and error of making
the same mistakes over and over again, you guys can come to us and say, "Hey, I lost this trade. Why?" And then we will
instantly be able to pinpoint those mistakes that you guys are making. And then boom, that's how growth is going to happen for you guys. You guys are going
to be able to cover up those mistakes, cover up those holes in your boat a lot faster than again someone like me back
when I was unprofitable. I would make the same mistake for like three months or six months straight and then I would
finally get some sort of realization by looking at the charts for so freaking long and be like, "Hey, wait, maybe I'm
doing this incorrectly." But instead of having to wait all that time, then you guys can just come to us and say, "Hey,
we've already done that time for you guys. We have already made those mistakes and we already know the solutions to the mistakes that you guys
are making and that's the problem that we want to solve for you guys." And again, like I was saying, if you guys were able to make it to the end of this
video, I know that we can be a huge help in your guys' success in order to turn profitable as a day trader because
realistically, I don't want the people that got on here within the first hour and they clicked off it because again,
those people won't make it in life. Those people won't find success in anything that they want to do because they just want the easy way out. They
want to turn profitable in a day. But you guys made it to the end of this. I know that you guys have the work ethic
and you guys have the mindset and you guys have the motivation to be able to make this work. And my goal is to get
everybody who's just like me as an unprofitable trader, just like you guys right now, who are willing to put in the
work, who have the work ethic, who have the motivation to be able to change their lives and make that change a lot
quicker and help you guys change your life just like how I was able to change mine as an unprofitable trader, but make it so much faster, so much easier, and
to be able to fasttrack your guys' path to profitability. And that's what I built in the blueprint. So, if you guys want access to me as a mentor and get
towards that fast track to profitability, click the link down below. I know every single person that has made it to the end of this video,
whether you guys just want to go out and use this free information that I've already given given you guys on this video and try it on your own, by all
means, that's what this video is for. It's to help you guys get all the necessary education that you guys need
in order to turn profitable. But one of the issues with that is you guys are still going to be making small little mistakes down the line. And those
mistakes might take some time, some months, some weeks for you guys to be able to get over. And what does the
blueprint help you guys do? It helps you guys get over these mistakes far quicker because you guys have profitable mentors
that are able to get in there and immediately address those mistakes that you guys are making that you guys might not even know that you guys are making
in the first place. And that's the awesome thing that honestly like my program does that no other program does.
Most of the most of these programs are literally like I gave you guys the most amount like the most amount of game for
free on YouTube within this video, okay? And most programs are literally exactly
what I just gave you and they're just like, "Boom, go figure it out on your own." That's the difference between what I do versus what everybody else does.
Everybody else is just giving you guys pre-recorded videos and saying, "Boom, you guys watch the pre-recorded videos. You guys are on your own." Well, guess
what? I just gave you guys all of those pre-recorded videos for absolutely [ __ ] free on YouTube. What I like to
do is give you guys the knowledge and then from there you guys take that knowledge, go and try and apply it and
then you guys come back to us with the mistakes because again you guys are going to get direct access to me and my
team of profitable traders so that you guys are able to come to us and say hey these are personal mistakes that I'm making. These are personal questions
that I have when I'm trying to trade with this confluences when I'm trying to trade with this confluence and when I
stack it with this confluence something happens and I'm not sure why I keep losing trades with this. That is the
benefit of having access to me and other profitable coaches within the blueprint. And that's how you guys are actually
going to be able to turn profitable far faster. All these other programs are literally what I gave you within this
15hour free course. And that's it. Okay. So, what I want to do, which is
different from everybody else, is help you guys with that free information or
with that pre-recorded information that you guys just digested within this massive video and then go and apply it
correctly and then solve your guys's personal mistakes. And that's what no other program does because they come in
here and they're just like, "Here, take these videos." And then boom, like you're on your own. How does that help you guys? All of this information and
literally every single skill set can be learned for free with the internet. The internet is so freaking massive. Anyone
can learn how to do whatever the [ __ ] they want through YouTube videos, through online, through chat GPT. They
can do that. But what YouTube videos, what the internet and what chat GPT can't replace is years of profitability
and is years of making mistakes, personal mistakes that I used to make when I was unprofitable that you guys
are making right now that I know the exact solution for. So that's what my
mentorship can bring to the table for you guys where a lot of you guys are going to be making the same mistakes
that I used to make when I was an unprofitable trader. And these YouTube videos aren't going to be able to solve those problems. But who will? The person
that put in the 10,000 hours of work before you guys and was able to make those same mistakes and learn from those
mistakes and find the solution to those mistakes. And that's us. My goal with the blueprint is to be able to give you
guys all the education necessary just like how I did in this 15- hourong YouTube video. And then on top of that,
give you guys personalized coaching so that you guys can come to us with your mistakes and hold you guys accountable
for those mistakes where you guys are again in the blueprint, you guys are getting on weekly calls with us. And no,
it's not one call per week. It's a call every single weekday. So you guys are getting five calls per week where you
guys are going to be able to address the questions that you guys have and say, "Hey, I made this mistake trading
today." It's not, "Hey, yeah, reach out to us a month from now and then get on your call." It's like, "No, I took this
trade today. I made these mistakes today." And we can get on a call and we can say, "Hey, this is how you can
address these problems. This is how you guys can find the solution for the mistake that you guys made trading
today." So, you guys are seeing consistent growth on a daily basis instead of just having to search for a
YouTube video for 2, three, four, five months to be able to solve that one little mistake that you have. No, we're
able to address those mistakes right now in real time. On top of that, you guys are going to have 247 access to chats
with other profitable coaches where you guys are able to send in these trades in real time. So, let's say the call is
like four hours from now, but you guys are like, "Man, I want this mistake to be addressed right the freak now because
I'm ambitious. I'm motivated. I want to make this [ __ ] work and I want to be able to speedrun my path to profitability." Boom. You can send that
trade in and say, "How does this look? I think I made a mistake here. I think I made a mistake here." And the coach might say, "Well, no, you actually did
both of those things correct, but you did this thing wrong." And then you're like, "Oh, holy [ __ ] I was making a mistake that I didn't even know about."
That is what we're going to be able to give you guys is personalized coaching. Instead of just some [ __ ] course
that's pre-recorded and then say, "Boom, go off and do that on your own." I'm giving you guys in this video what every
other coach in the world is giving you guys for a price. Instead, I'm putting a price on my hours and my time that I put
into the market so that you guys can speedrun and fasttrack your guys' path to profitability. And that is worth
something. Not some pre-recorded videos that people just say, "Hey, yeah, go buy this." No, dude. I gave that to you guys
for free today. So, my goal for you guys, the people that were able to make it to the end of this, is say, "Hey, I
know you guys know what it takes, and I know you guys have the work ethic and you guys have the motivation to be able to turn profitable. So, I want to help
you guys change your lives just like how I was able to change literally thousands of other people's lives, how I was able to change my own life to be able to turn
into a profitable day trader and to be able to change your guys' life forever, your family's life, and to be able to make you as a successful human because I
know you guys have what it takes because you guys were able to make it to the end of this video. So, with that being said, if you guys want to be mentored by me,
if you guys want to be coached by me, click the link down in the description. Regardless if you guys join the mentorship or not, hopefully you guys
learned a lot from this video. And hopefully you guys can go and apply all of these concepts, the base fundamentals, the confluences, the
strategy, how to reshape your guys' mindset to be able to turn profitable. And hopefully you guys gained a lot of value from this video. That was my goal.
My goal was to literally [ __ ] on every other guru within the space that's going to make you guys pay for this information. But no, I'm going to give
it to you guys for free because that's what you guys deserve. That's what Unprofitable Me would have wanted to be able to put all of these videos in one
place to help you guys fasttrack your guys' path to profitability. So, if you guys made it to the end of the video, I
[ __ ] love you guys and I'll catch you guys in the next one. Peace out.